Dr.
Tagged photos will appear in the Photos tab of a Page
Skip hanging around the water cooler if office gossip is getting you down
Learjet was on its final approach into Chicago Executive Airport in Wheeling, Illinois
Green Bay Packers and Pittsburgh Steelers reach Super Bowl XLV
Pfc.
U.N.
Capt.
The movie is based on a 2002 novel by British journalist Allison Pearson
Kate.2011 has the same accessories as Kate.2002, including a cute husband
Pierce Brosnan plays a fairy-tale New York businessman as princely as he is single
South African Airways said it launched its own investigation
"Oh, my God, what have I done?"
The incubation period is typically two to four weeks after exposure
Government aims to rein in spending-- and that includes welfare benefits-- to tackle a national debt
Britain's workforce has taken the biggest pay cuts in the developed world according to TUC
Fans trying to vote online and via text message had difficulty casting their votes
Telescope also manages the voting for shows like Fox's "American Idol" and "The X Factor"
Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles
Gov.
Nicholas Davies and Gareth Montgomery-Johnson were seized in late February
American businesses exported $2.35 trillion in goods and services in 2014
Red Cross worker killed during shelling in the conflict zone in Sri Lanka
Fighting between Sri Lankan troops and rebel Tamil Tigers has intensified
Pakistan elects two-time former prime minister known for corruption and military coup
Russia and Ukraine working together to deal with the accidents
200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from Vox Pop coffee shop
He is credited with helping create what is known as the Tulsa Sound
U.S.
U.S.
Since 1978, the Kennedy Center has honored only two Hispanics
Gen.
Sen.
Cambodia, Thailand to redeploy some troops away from the site of a border temple
Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and built up their numbers
China state media labeled Japanese plans against the launch as a "pretext" to contain Beijing
South Korea and Japanese governments strongly condemned the North Korean rocket launch
some critics in Japan questioned why it took Tokyo so long to officially react to the launch
"Most Wanted" premiered on Fox in 1988
"The League" was created by "Seinfeld" vet Jeff Schaffer and his wife, Jackie
There's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like Shibuya, Shinjuku and Akihabara
First Lt.
The film will reportedly explore Hendrix's early career, tracking his times spent in England
With 6 million acres, Adirondack State Park is the largest state park in the United States
The ruling allows police to access any data stored on an arrestee's phone
Graham has preached to more than 215 million people in person
71 percent of Americans polled consider China an economic threat
The Kourage team pride themselves on being the most ethical athletic apparel company
Dick Cheney has been released from a Virginia hospital
World No.
Title IX is a federal law that requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault
But many say al-Assad's promises have largely not been delivered
Former South African rugby World Cup winner Ruben Kruger passes away
Three inmates hospitalized Saturday after fighting began, one with severed finger
Gary Player tells CNN that 20-year-old Rory McIlroy "has the world at his feet"
McIlroy said he already feels at home on the other side of the Atlantic
Sen.
The world No.
"The Biggest Loser," "The Celebrity Apprentice" switched to 120-minute episodes
The curious trend of zoomorphic architecture has been around for millennia
Charla Nash, 55, remains hospitalized with life-threatening injuries
In the original mythology, four baby turtles come into contact with radioactive ooz
The United States hopes to make progress on a long-stalled security deal with Afghanistan
U.S.
Sen.
Thomas Voeckler in the yellow jersey after ninth stage of Tour de France
The Jets beat the New England Patriots 28-21
The attack bears similarities to a 2008 case in London, England
Many are "urban refugees," scattered through towns seeking shelter
Cypriot government plans to tap its citizens for 5.8 billion euros [$7.5 billion] and impose a one-off levy
The unprecedented tax on bank deposits led to a run on cash machines over the weekend
U.S. will stop publishing number of Taliban and insurgents killed in Afghanistan
Issue of publishing enemy body counts has been sensitive to military since Vietnam
Several pharmaceutical and medical device companies also use McDonald as a consultant
Sen.
United Nations is holding a video contest to encourage world citizens to voice their opinions
Rigors of sport have increased compared to days of Capt.
Friend: Like many wrestlers, Fatu did not have health insurance
Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou apologized again for response to Typhoon Morakot
Live Action has been accused of pushing a hardline anti-abortion agenda
About 6.5 million children enrolled in Medicaid had untreated tooth decay in 2005
Australian carrier will transfer its hub for European flights from Singapore to Dubai
Haleigh went missing from father's home in Satsuma, Florida, on February 9
Rapper and his business manager must finish 50 hours of community service
Staff Sgt.
Rep.
Booker T.
Today Alemseged is the director of anthropology at the California Academy of Sciences
P.S.
Latinos in Arizona are a growing political force
Katsav, of the center-right Likud Party, was president of Israel from 2000 to 2007
According to the World Wildlife Fund, elephant numbers have reached 300,000 in sub-Saharan Africa
Critics have complained because Blackwater employees take on missions for money
He said the United States used September 11 attacks as justification to attack Iraq
The shooting is under investigation
Gov.
"I'm 57 going on 37," Benzine says with a laugh
Among the 60 suspected rioters are 50 men and 10 women
The incident took place in one of the safest areas in Sanaa
Pennsylvania day care center is pursuing federal civil rights lawsuit against club
In album form, "Jagged Little Pill" has sold more than 33 million copies worldwide
Tickets to be priced according to the sports visitors want to take part in
Sven Kramer left in tears after confused communication with his coach cost him a gold medal
Do you know a hero?
A temporary camp with 150 yurts was set up to host guests
Africa will be testing ground for new strategies to reduce inequality
The product comes in a dispenser that puffs out a powdery mixture of caffeine and B vitamins into your mouth
Increasingly, couples are crowdsourcing their wedding photography
The panel detailed $1.7 billion of hidden losses from failed investments in the 1990s
U.S.
O.J.
Sam taken to Southern Ash Wildlife Shelter to heal from burns on her paws
More officers will go to public housing and anti-crime units
Investigators are also monitoring gangs for any signs of planned retribution
Berlusconi said he meant his remarks as a "a compliment"
The Rev.
Madrid was also given an extra year to meet its steep budget deficit target
"I can't make out with my boyfriend in front of my f--king studio?" she yelled
U.S.
According to the International Spa Association, 4 million teens have been to a spa
The spa treatments at Orlando's Nick Hotel start at just $6
Solace Spa at Boyne Mountain Resort in Michigan now hosts Family Nights
Congress ended this fiscal year with a debt under a trillion dollars
Rep.
A Chinese newspaper has come under fire for taking photos of the body of Yao Beina, a popular singer, after her death
He says the uniforms offer a window into different eras of aviation history
Ethiopia's 90-million cattle, sheep and goat population is one of the world's largest
Dealers have booked about 25,000 orders; only half have been delivered
Authorities allege infants were born alive and then killed with scissors
Bank robberies in New York have risen 54 percent compared with last year
On Monday alone, robbers targeted five banks, some striking in broad daylight
Shiffrin second in overall World Cup standings
Greene: A little silence, digital or otherwise, can at times feel like a treat.
The couple, Michelle Palmer and Vincent Acors, faced three-month sentence
Some 42 countries filter and censor content out of the 72 studied by the Open Net Initiative
The country is set to hold parliamentary elections in September
Croatia relies heavily on its Adriatic coast to draw tourism and its state-run shipyards
The prolonged denial-of-service assault is targeting Spamhaus, a European spam-fighting group
Laurent Gbagbo, the incumbent leader, is defying calls to step down
She was booked on charges of trespassing and disorderly conduct
The building was named the Freedom Tower in the first "ground zero" master plan.
"iSteve: The Book of Jobs," is being penned by Walter Isaacson
Roofer Bill Keith started a solar fan business nearly a decade ago
U.S.
Gov.
U.S.
Ghazala Javed recorded scores of songs in her native Pashto language
She became a household name among young, progressive ethnic Pashtuns
The Peruvian government has promised to investigate
Red Bull founder Dietrich Mateschitz and F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone have struck a deal
"It is a public health crisis," policy activist Joan Claybrook says
Almost all of the victims are believed to be from Haiti and the Bahamas
"We're bringing out the different characteristics and the flavors people didn't think were imaginable from chocolate," said Mike Mast.
Homosexual acts are illegal in Uganda, where most gays and lesbians face discrimination
Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting a nomination
The chief of naval operations has written an unusual memo to all potential commanders
White House officials will go to Capitol on Thursday to meet with Senate Democrats
Supreme Court rules Section 66A of the 2008 Information Technology Act was "unconstitutional"
Court declined to review two cases brought by National Rifle Association
A U.S.
Todashev's family has disputed that he posed any threat to law enforcement
U.N.
University of Vermont officials said they "respect and support" the decision
Friday marks the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John F.
Rafael Nadal wins a record-equaling sixth consecutive Monte Carlo Masters title
Schubert: It is critical for the public to educate itself about the realities of GMOs
Zoe Saldana wore a charmingly dishabille design in shades of crimson by Louis Vuitton
Jennifer Lopez played up her golden skin with a barely-there gilded gown from Marchesa
Eva Mendes worked a Christian Dior silk taffeta gown
In past three weeks, the Nivose has intercepted 24 suspected pirates
John Walker Lindh has served seven years of 20-year sentence
Brooks and Coulson were close to British Prime Minister David Cameron
Each athlete will be shown separately on three distinct covers of the video game
Military ministers for the two Koreas will meet in Pyongyang on Friday
Teausant is expected to make his first court appearance Monday afternoon
15 - Chief of mission vacancies in U.S.
1 - "Virtual" U.S.
Do you know a hero?
250 million doses have been purchased, and "that will be plenty"
Most of the initial doses available in October will be FluMist nasal spray
Ten to 20 million doses will be available each week after first week in October
Wild Oats XI finishes in two days, two hours, three minutes and 26 seconds
B.B.
"WHAT PROTESTS??
Spc.
He leaves behind his parents, brothers, a wife and a daughter
Prof.
Ice shelves are floating ice sheets attached to the coast
Scientists working in Lore Lindu National Park caught and released three
The law doesn't give foreigners the right to smoke or even buy the drug
Demonstrations have many wondering if they should pull the plug on upcoming trips
Istanbul is among fastest growing tourism markets in world, receiving 11.6 million international visitors in 2012
Kim Clijsters beats fellow comeback queen Justine Henin in final of Brisbane International
Jimenez then carded three birdies with his lob wedge to tie for the lead
"I think we'll feel the effects of Katrina for a long time," mayor said
Clarkson's voice is made for anthems, and the slow, snoozy ballads here don't do it justice
The recordings were allegedly made amid a wide-reaching corruption investigation
In the conversations, two men discuss in detail how to hide money
U.S.
Lt.
When series ended in 1970, Parker became a real estate developer
Democratic strategist says criticism is "galling," considering Bush's frequent trips
Madrid train bombing took place on March 11, 2004, killed 191 people
Her sentence was changed to a two-year jail term, suspended for five years
Facebook page has received more than 600,000 "thumbs-up" messages of approval
You've heard many different places mentioned this week on CNN Student News
Show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue
Obeidallah: Do we really need to hear another ridiculous comment from them?
During her long swims, she sings Cuban ballad, "Guantanmera," to herself
The all-new Nook has the longest battery life in the industry
Kindle battery, using the same page-turn rate, lasts for only 56 hours
All daredevil stunt shows have been cancelled pending the outcome of the investigation
Sen.
Witnesses reported use of water cannons and tear gas
Court overruled parts of Taksim development project, including plans to rebuild barracks
Bob Hurley Sr.
Maj.
The personal remarks resembled a message Clinton could use should she run for president.
This was Clinton's second trip to Colorado in a week.
Vatican has long opposed use of condoms, other forms of birth control
Stallone was found dead in his Los Angeles home on July 13 by his housekeeper
Sen.
He is accused of killing six people and wounding 13
U.S.
U.S.
"It was clearly heroic what she did in that moment in time," Lt.
It called for an emergency meeting of the Organization of American States
Merkel said she supports the two-state solution to the Mideast conflict
Republican Sen.
Ford next will be seen in "The Age of Adaline"
Doctors: It could take months -- or longer -- for her to get back to where she was
The other concern is the buildup of fluid in the brain
"When I didn't kill, I would get nervous," he says
U.S.
NEW: Investigators recovered propeller from torpedo that blew Cheonan in half
Sen.
Iceland's parliament passed a bill authorizing a state guarantee for repayment of the loan
The e-mail contains a doctored photo of a young chimpanzee with Obama's face on it
A hacker allegedly broke into a Twitter administrator's personal e-mail account
Gov.
The bill must clear other hurdles before it becomes law
U.S.
Chrome rose 0.3 percentage points to 7.1 percent of worldwide browser usage
Microsoft has been trying to rid the world of Internet Explorer 6
"They are doing a redefinition of what is lethal," the source says
Henry VIII began to pad his codpiece in the 16th century
Martel told police "slammed her face against a mirror" during an argument
The Internet is back up in Syria after being down for eight hours
One million free texts will be sent every day for 12 months from Monday
The initiative plans to send millions of health messages every month
U.S.
Mavis is a ghostwriter for a successful young adult book series
NEW: 300 audience members will travel to Australia in December
Kenny Huang is heading the deal, estimated to be worth more than $70 million
U.S.
CNN partner CTV reports the man had previous encounters with law enforcement
The NBA has been in a state of lockout since July
The U.S.
Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza moves step closer to extradition
"Madden NFL 11" is one of the best-looking HD games on the platform
"Zen Bound 2 Universal" is a relaxing yet challenging puzzle game
Former Orange County Sheriff Michael S.
Gov.
Gov.
Brig.
Back in January, the television icon officially announced that he would be stepping down from "Live!"
No new co-host has yet been named for Philbin's right-hand woman Kelly Ripa
With no Love Story-ish terminal illness to stimulate audience tear ducts, "Like Crazy" tells the truth
17-year-old hit by a truck and killed during a protest
Young Venezuelans unhappy with the ravaged economy and rising crime
A high-powered rifle and a pistol were found near him
If both Abou Zeid and Belmoktar have been killed "it would be big news," analyst says
The program has 80 international staffers and 300 national staffers supporting the region
Sen.
Her nonprofit provides tuition assistance, mentoring and life skills training
Do you know a hero?
The only iPhone killer on the market today...is a newer iPhone
Chinese ships briefly enter waters around the group of islands
Follow companies on LinkedIn to see what current employees are in your circle
One would then funnel the funds to the terror group using various remittance companies
A cleric called for attacks against U.S.
The U.N.
The U.S.
FBI believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking
A subset of genre purists and Fangoria subscribers have their knives out for the remake
Other than "Suburgatory's" Jane Levy, the cast isn't weighed down by familiar faces
Sen.
"Why was he in my course?
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula vows to kill 73 Yemeni troops
"Music is truly an international language," Hamlisch said
This year saw three African women take on key leadership roles
The Beastie Boys had no intention of performing without Adam Yauch
The world No.
"He was Mr.
Of China's 175 baby milk powder production companies, 66 have stopped production
Mubarak was forced from office in February 2011 following two weeks of mass street protests
The game was released Tuesday in North America
Istanbul will host the inaugural edition of Art Istanbul International
Authorities uncover a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S.
Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday
Gov.
Louisiana has been mostly spared since oil rig exploded and sank off southeast coast
Twenty-year-old Li Xue has a passion for learning but has never spent a day at school
Mexican federal police confirmed the shooting death of Jesus Manuel Lara Rodriguez
"He never asked for protection from the city," the Juarez mayor says.
The Angolan government denies corruption in the oil sector.
Scientists believe water and sediment flowed down the crater of an alluvial fan
The U.S.
Italy is a major gateway into Europe for migrants who come by sea from North Africa
On future iPads, you may be able to control your tablet from across the room
Apple could be working on an integrated projector for iDevices
Older iPhones may not have enough processing power for the gesture-capturing
Sen.
The study should settle whether mercury from fish, might also impact the heart health of adults.
It's also good for your heart, thanks to its low levels of saturated fat
The American Heart Association recommends that people eat fish at least twice a week
"The Amazing Spider-Man" earned $7.5 million from midnight shows during its premiere
Pakistan's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success
J.J.
The movie is slated for release in 2015 but no firm date has been set
Lucasfilm said the current plan is still to begin shooting in Spring 2014
Sen.
More than 18.9 million Venezuelans are registered to vote
What some speculated as a love triangle has now become a triple homicide
Knife crime in Britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killings
"All-New X-Men" No.
Most of the clues on "Jeopardy!"
U.S.
Turning planes around quickly might be nice for passengers, but it means profits for airlines
U.S.
"Breaking Bad" creator will direct the first episode
AbdulMutallab has said he will represent himself
Nat Geo Channel commissioned a pop culture survey
"The 80s: The Decade That Made Us" premieres April 14
Adm.
Gen.
Adm.
Violence has continued to rage between Russia and western ally Georgia
Director Steven Soderbergh's last movie was the female action film "Haywire"
The total for 2011 was 283
Lorenzo is now 18 points behind Marquez with two races to go
Lt.
Students will learn about the champions of voting rights in the United States
Michael's first public solo was "Climb Every Mountain" in a kindergarten program
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell led the charge against the bill
All the guns that were traced were passed to the U.S. from Mexican officials
World No.
The al-Shabaab militia seized the cities of Bulo Marer and Quryoley
Medical tourism as an industry is projected to grow 35% annually
All 36 crew members of a Spanish fishing boat hijacked by Somali pirates a month ago are freed
China's economy grew by 8.7 percent in 2009, according to the National Bureau of Statistics
China's fourth quarter growth alone surged to 10.7 percent on an annualized basis
But concerns are rising of a growing property bubble in China
U.S.
U.S.
Arizona Gov.
Ancel: If these workers had unions, companies would have to negotiate schedule changes
U.S. military is telling its troops to stop using CDs, DVDs, thumb drives
One military source who works on these networks says it will make the job harder
The Islamist group aims to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law
"He was an extremely funny guy and a great human," Russell Peters says
Utoya Island has dropped from headlines, but it remains fresh in the memory of many
Dr.
Lohan's representative told CNN the actress was "happy to cooperate"
Inter coach Jose Mourinho accused of "physical and verbal aggression" towards a journalist
The Italian Sport Union of Journalists (USSI) have condemned Mourinho's alleged actions
Oasis shot to stardom with its 1994 album, "Definitely Maybe"
Symbian and Android will dominate mobile operating system market by 2014, research firm says
Gartner expects two together will account for 59.8 percent of the total mobile OS market
Former world No.
She was the first French player, male or female, to reach the top of the rankings
The U.S.
"Animal Practice" will be replaced by "Whitney" starting November 14
By far the most riveting performance: Jessica Sanchez's duet on "And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going"
Wal-Mart is acting to limit public address feature to a smaller number of in-store phones
China's march into space underscores its growing financial and military clout
U.S.
Putin says Russia reserves the right to defend its interests and people
Obama made clear violating Ukraine's sovereignty would impact Russia's standing
Florida-based startup wants to be everything Facebook and Google+ are not
"D.L.
In total, 45,000 people have been asked to leave their homes in Saxony-Anhalt
The FBI is investigating
Gov.
U.S.
Facebook hopes to release its own smartphone by next year, says New York Times report
Many tech bloggers believe such a move would be a bad idea for Facebook
Italian prosecutors press charges against one person after racist abuse during game
Kevin-Prince Boateng kicked ball into stands, tore his shirt and led his team off
Italian Football Association president Giancarlo Abete announced investigation into incident
NEW: Stacked logs at a saw mill were also engulfed by the fire
Dell will introduce a GPS and Wi-Fi card that can be added to its netbooks
Coalition of private groups had asked high court to intervene
Only 6% of Americans said they will not be celebrating Christmas
Dr.
The El Al Airlines flight typically costs somewhere around $1,300
For two hours Monday, the stunning deal drew hordes of excited travelers
J.K.
Swat Valley region used to be a popular destination for tourists and skiers
Taliban are imposing their strict brand of Islamic law in the region
Tiger Woods won the U.S.
The complaints covered all the major service branches and the National Guard
It's only the second time such ships have crossed the Suez Canal since 1979
Irish Mail cited the efforts of a local historian to research burial sites of children
Joseph Michael Liu Kai-Tsu Roqueni to run barefoot from Canada to Argentina
Joseph's feet will cover 19,000 kilometers of roads, greater than Earth's diameter
Last month Venezuelan authorities said they captured two Colombian spies
U.S.
The alligator was unharmed and returned to the wild by wildlife officials
Also tucked away in the cargo section were four pigeons and five other birds
Hagman's J.R.
Growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010, report says
Program will reach out to social services and mental health workers
U.S.
The 1877 pastel was on loan to Musee Cantini from Musee d'Orsay in Paris
92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam
Sen.
U.S.
Gen.
Was it a celebratory kiss?
Prime Minister George Papandreou will seek a vote of confidence Thursday
Tensions in the region have eased since a peak last month
He disputed the testing process, and the suspension was overturned
The NYPD's Demographics Unit was put together with the CIA's help
Thomas P.
$7 trillion -- Amount of tax increases and spending cuts included in the fiscal cliff, spread out over the next 10 years
Find time for yourself this holiday season to settle in with one of these five recommended reads
Former world No.
Holzer: Obama represents validation of Lincoln's hope of equal opportunity
Musharraf may still move to dissolve parliament and dismiss the PM
Bahrain is a strategically important nation to the United States
The Iranian people are faced with spiralling inflation and job layoffs within the state sector
Iranian oil revenues in the country plummeted 40 percent, while gas export revenues fell by 45%
In math, U.S. high schoolers were in the bottom quarter of the countries
Publicity has triggered wave of people trying to find mattress and its contents
Multiple sclerosis is a chronic disease that affects the central nervous system
South Korea's Meena Lee claims the first-round lead at the Women's British Open
Laurence Stewart II allegedly threw several pipe bombs at officers during pursuit
Officials said that Stewart was upset by pending legal action against him
Gov.
After leaving Albania in 1939, Albania's King Zog settled in Parmoor House in Buckinghamshire
Rep.
All of the 28 defendants are men except for one Spanish woman
Army Sgt.
Israeli leaders are demanding the 'demilitarization' of Gaza
Is there a halfway house providing Israel with security guarantees?
Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said intelligence wing was gathering information
Hanafi repeated Taliban's pledge to keep girls out of public schools
Dr.
Muslims protest a photo of a partially burned Quran on Facebook
More sensitive children may find the gothic pet cemetery upsetting
All eyes are on the weather, which can turn a simple trip into a nightmare
Queen Elizabeth II due to visit Croke Park
OR Books plans to use tweets posted during protests to create 160-page book
Harry Nicolaides, 41, was arrested last August over his 2005 book
The book includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince
Hijackings off East Africa have led international navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden
In most African rural areas, expectant mothers are mostly taken care of by traditional birth attendants at their households, rather than at hospitals
Hayes provided the voice of "Chef" for animated series "South Park"
Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles
U.S.
Manchester City announce deal to sign Spain international David Silva from Valencia
Opry Mills, the outlet mall just down the road, offers great shopping
During the trial, prosecutors said Medunjanin traveled to Pakistan's tribal region with two friends
The July 2012 discovery of the particle is billed as one of the biggest scientific achievements
China has rapidly built up its space program
More than 500 domestic and international flights were canceled
The White House has said it is complying with the War Powers Resolution
"The Informant!"
Once the plane meets FAA approval, Boeing can begin filling orders
The U.S.
Verizon eliminating the one-year contract option as of April 17
U.S.
They were married at a private residence overlooking the Mediterranean
Lt.
Hong Kong's highest court rejects final appeal of Filipino workers to gain residency
Lawyers argued immigration rules excluding foreign domestic helpers were unconstitutional
South Korea bade farewell to former President Kim Dae-Jung
Rep.
20 years since Poland's Solidarity movement defeated the Communist Party
At one point, 80 percent of the Philippines capital Manila was under water
D.C.
"The Big Bang Theory" co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing a pilot script
U.S.
Dr.
U.N.
The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N.
North Korea has repeatedly denied the existence of political camps or human rights abuses
U.S.
Dr.
Lucas Sithole became the first South African citizen to win a U.S.
Sithole beat world No.
He lost both his legs and most of his right arm when he fell under a train aged 12
Sen.
Toyota confirms plans to add as many as 10 new gas/electric hybrid vehicles
The "charged" MINI E can run up to 150 miles on a full battery pack
Russia has sent two planes so that about 100 of its citizens who want to can leave Syria
Dinara Safina has been forced to pull out of next week's Dubai Tennis Championships
World No.
Run-D.M.C.
"Swamp People" chronicles the lives of alligator hunters in Louisiana
Cheryl Walker filed for guardianship of 15-year-old Meadow in March
Gov.
Steve Martin, Angela Lansbury and costume designer Piero Tosi received honorary Oscars
Okey lets you win digital dollars and play with your friends via Facebook
U.S.
The Russian coast guard seized two Chinese vessels and detained 36 fishermen Tuesday
"Contraband" earned an estimated $24.1 million over the standard three-day weekend
In second was "Beauty and the Beast 3D" with $18.5 million for the three-day frame
"Joyful Noise," drew a smaller congregation with $11.3 million
He is the father-in-law of Sinaloa cartel leader "El Chapo" Guzman
Australia-based Pitch & Woo helps guys create unforgettable proposals for their girlfriends
He faces a minimum 1 to 3 years, or as much as 8 to 25 years in state prison
Judge described Thomas as a "decent man and devoted husband"
The U.S.
The "Art of Video Games" exhibition runs through September 30
Sen.
He was visiting his Palestinian relatives for the first time in over a decade
The defendants were convicted of murdering 11 police officers and two civilians
If you turned on the television this past Sunday, a new vision of Jesus came into view.
Sen.
Sen.
Republicans and Democrats see "Romneycare" as the prototype for what conservatives deride as "Obamacare"
More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since 2006
N.C.
It is not clear whether Al-Shabab has the capacity to carry out its threats against Israel
Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991, when warlords overthrew its dictator
Hirata is described as a former senior member of Aum Shinrikyo
Below said the support from Reddit stunned and amazed her
Jose Mourinho tells Manchester United's Wayne Rooney to decide where his future lies
The draw leaves Chelsea top of the English Premier League
"He's a smart little boy.
He has publicly called on his father to abandon terrorism
There are 13.7 million cancer survivors living in the United States
Radiation, chemotherapy, hormone therapy and surgery can affect sexual function
Version 7.5 update will roll out to existing Windows Phone owners slowly
Portal launches with over 30,000 apps in tow, an admirable enough number
A majority belonged to the same unit that killed Osama bin Laden
Stine has written more than 300 books that have sold a combined 350 million copies
J.K.
"Profiling is an unacceptable practice and will not be tolerated," the document reads
Warner Bros.
"Man of Steel" director Zack Snyder will direct the film
Yu and her partner were ranked number one in world according to Badminton World Federation
"We are the No.
American Academy of Pediatrics now advises to keep toddlers in rear-facing car seats until 2
She had been admitted two days earlier after suffering a stroke
U.S.
Hong Kong authorities start clearing barricades at a section of a downtown protest camp
The clearance followed a court order to remove obstructions outside CITIC Tower
Energy traders acknowledge the return of the so-called Middle East risk premium -- $10 to $15 dollars a barrel
Military attacks on Syria is pushing crude well above what oil kingpin Saudi Arabia believes is a fair price of $100
The higher prices will hit the economies which are running current account deficits and are subject to the capital flight
Juarez sits across the Rio Grande from El Paso, Texas
The vaccine was approved using an accelerated approval process, the FDA said
U.S.
The toll keeps rising as rescuers search for victims
The government's volcano alert level remains at its highest level
On the software front for the Xbox 360, "Halo 4" will be showcased in a four-hour event
Singapore Airlines was first carrier in the world to operate the A380
People here completely bypass the banks and keep their money at home
Teller counters and the office tables are literally overflowing with cash
One clear sign of change is that credit cards are becoming more common
Blackwater, Iraqi officials have starkly different accounts of what happened
It's the top-selling Dr.
Markoff also charged in connection with an April 10 robbery
Stewart: The hornets are not invasive; in this case, it is the humans who are
Ayman al-Zawahiri called on his followers to "land a large strike"
Icelandic appetites for nightlife can leave visitors whimpering for mercy
Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka and Frenchman Richard Gasquet complete the field
U.N.
In November of 2009, nearly 100 people died from flooding in western Saudi Arabia
He resigned the presidency in 2007 because of the sexual assault allegations
The case involved three women -- two in the president's office and one in the Tourism Ministry
Africa Felix Juice is the first tenant and enjoys a three-year tax holiday
Manufacturers and pharmacies are reporting a surge in demand for face masks
The 13 Uyghurs were accused of receiving weapons and military training in Afghanistan
U.S.
Knife crime in Britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killings
Mrs.
Type D personalities aren't doomed to heart problems, but should take precautions
"E.
Samaritan's Purse is a Christian organization headed up by the son of Billy Graham
"One of the actors said, 'Watch out!'"
U.S.
Despite Party's calls to "speak with one voice," dissenting ideas, differences being voiced
Spc.
"It is stupid to me that anyone can have easy access to a powerful weapon without being mentally evaluated"
Zabih al-Taifi arrested in village near Peshawar in ongoing security operations
Rep.
Reps.
Marushige Seika K.
Meng Weina set up first private special needs school in China
The winner must secure more than 50% of the vote to avoid a runoff
A jury found Sandusky guilty of 45 counts of child sex abuse in June 2012
"The manner of death was suicide," the New York City medical examiner's office says
Investigators looking into possible securities violations request the restraining order
Nominate your Hero at CNN.com/Heroes
W.
Product currently receives just two out of five stars on Amazon.com reviews
Gov.
The panel has until November 23 to reach agreement
U.S.
CIA: "There are some things that don't even deserve comment.
The Middle East's richest man is Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud
The plan urges authorities to provide "a list of all places" where people are detained
Anyone who has had a blood clot in the past is at a higher risk of getting one again
It's unknown if Clinton has a genetic condition that may increase her risk
Lanier has come as far in her personal life as she has in her professional life
Gerevich joined the team as an 18-year-old in Los Angeles in 1932
St.
Israel Defense Forces has said it is investigating the claims
A group of student demonstrators gathered outside Troy City Hall on Monday
The posting came after New York became the sixth state to legalize same-sex marriage
Baby boomers are turning 65 at the rate of 10,000 per day
No.
Dutch-based finance and insurance group ING is cutting up to 7,000 staff
It also announced Monday that CEO, Michel Tilmant, was stepping down.
S.E.
Russia has been the long-time principal supplier of arms to Syria
Gymnastics wasn't a popular pursuit for a kid from the Bronx
Companies creating a niche in the service industry as medical travel planners
Predatory mice are threatening the albatross population on a south Atlantic island
"The Dark Knight" tying for second place with "Transformers"
Still, there is surprisingly little overlap between the lists
Relationships are not like a Lego set: created to be dismantled and put back together again
July was the deadliest month in Iraq in the last five years
According to the U.N., 1,057 Iraqis were killed and 2,326 wounded last month
The center has to process vast amounts of information instantly
Sen.
Sigg must face trial on 18 of 20 counts related to the slaying of Jessica Ridgeway
Analysts say the first challenge would be to locate elusive ISIS leaders
There have been a string of Air Force mishaps and problems relating to weapons
U.S.
"For unknown reasons, the driver lost control of the vehicle"
Ayla was 20 months old when she went missing in December
Amtrak suspends some rail service in the Northeast, South and Mid-Atlantic
U.S.
The group's self-titled debut came out in August 2008 in Britain
FA Cup finalists Portsmouth will not be allowed to play in next season's Europa League
George W.
Botstein: One hopes that Chinua Achebe's death will spark a renewal of interest beyond "Things Fall Apart."
Believed composed on the morning and afternoon of January 17, 1967
The Islamic State of Iraq is the rebranded name for al Qaeda in Iraq
The U.S.
No.
Ulysses S.
Warren took the last three photographs of Lincoln on March 6, 1865
Retired Gen.
Fonseka says the charges against him are false and politically motivated
Supporters say the former general was seen as a threat to the government
The trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights groups
Gov.
Bernanke took a softer tone to reassure Wall Street that the Fed was still providing the necessary backstop
ECB has been reluctant to implement a fully-fledged quantitative easing program
U.S.
Army Staff Sgt.
Baio plays David Hobbs on the network's first scripted series
The Caldecott Medal went to "Locomotive," written and illustrated by Brian Floca
Haim, who struggled for decades with drug addiction, died early Wednesday
The company is one of the largest uranium extraction operations in the U.S.
At one point, the Nikkei plunged more than 1,390 points, or more than 14 percent
Ruling reaffirmed earlier decision that the warrantless wiretaps were illegal.
District Judge Vaughn R.
Rumors of financial difficulties, health problems have swirled around star
Ford Crown Victoria is the most popular police car currently in production
The discovery is thought to be the largest of its kind in U.S. history
U.S.
The move ratchets up feud between Sunni Morocco and Shiite Iran
Sen.
U.S.
Gen.
William was a pilot with the Royal Air Force Search and Rescue Force
China's economy has experienced a slump as a result of economic turmoil in the West
Rancic, 37, had the surgery after lumpectomies failed to eradicate her breast cancer
"It feels great to be back at work," she says
Lampedusa is a common destination for African refugees
NEW: Mark Gilliam, 20, arrested Thursday on a federal charge
Former Sen.
Marek Edelman was one of the leaders of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising
Edelman is thought to have been the last surviving commander of the uprising
Amy Winehouse's wedding has been stolen from her former home
Texas adds more people than any other state -- about 500,000
U.N.
Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in region, including Kenya and Uganda
Army Staff Sgt.
The plea spares the 39-year-old Bales the prospect of a death sentence
Of the total in grants, $15 million will come from the Department of Energy
China is key driver of global profit for fashion industry
Husbands allowed to slap their wives if they spend lavishly, Saudi judge says
French workers free manager held hostage for 24 hours in labor dispute
Anger growing in U.S. and Europe over job cuts and high bonuses
Lt.
"Peace?
Officials say demands for railroads have increased as international trade goes up
A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread than a single storm
World No.
Police have arrested seven crew members on suspicion of negligence
In 2004, 22% of Americans voted early and that rate rose to 34% in 2008
Troops have been putting pressure on several regime holdout cities in recent days
She shared a photo of herself with her longtime girlfriend Martie Allen
"Kristy feels strongly about fighting bullying and intolerance," her publicist says
In the untitled show, Kaling plays a Bridget-Jones type OB/GYN
"West Wing" veteran Richard Schiff will appear in the pilot
V.
He has received more mail than any other inmate in California
The wall was built between 1366 and 1386
Marquez has now won a perfect 225 points this season
St.
They say suspects are recorded for the safety of everyone at the jail
Sgt.
Hurricane Sandy could affect as many as 60 million people
Relief organizations are readying supplies and volunteers
The sentences were handed down in a packed courtroom
35,000: Number of attendees expected at the Democratic National Convention
$150 million to $200 million: Expected economic impact on North Carolina
It's the first documented attack on a U.S.
World No.
The attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location
Real IRA, a dissident republican paramilitary group, claimed responsibility
U.S.
U.S.
The Rev.
Buy a grilled cheese on your smartphone, and you get a QR code to swipe in store
Putin has been adept at exploiting divisions within the international community
U.S.
"I wanted to be everything my mother wasn't," Belcher says
The "Real Housewives of D.C." TV series was canceled by Bravo in 2011
J.J.
Pakistan famously dubbed by some as world's most unstable nuclear power
The men, dressed in military clothing, launched the attack on a remote road
Borno is one of three states under a state of emergency
Cosby has been accused of rape by a number of women
"Green's Dictionary of Slang" is the largest slang dictionary ever published in English
Jonathon Green records and documents more than 100,000 words and idioms
The two rings were from the 2009 and 2010 seasons
InStyle takes a look back at five fashionable TV shows
Mr.
The mayor was found dead in his home Tuesday morning
"We do not want your food or your aid supplies.
U.N.
Gen.
Despite being known for sketches, the current tour is stand-up comedy
U.S.
Sgt.
Al Sadd the first Qatari football club to reach Asian Champions League final
A collision would have released about 100 megatons of energy
The bill did not provide an opportunity for public places to exempt themselves
Gov.
Defending champions Egypt will play Ghana in the African Cup of Nations final
How can innovation be quantified, and what does it mean that Apple comes out on top?
TEPCO will begin taking out 1,500 spent fuel units from Reactor 4 for storage
Cleanup beset by numerous problems, including the leak of 300 tons of radioactive water
U.S.
Sina Weibo, China's most popular microblogging platform, has introduced a VIP paid membership package
Sen.
Sen.
Afghan opium kills 100,000 people a year worldwide -- more than any other drug
Sen.
The group was traveling to take part in the memorial celebration
The Houthis are Shiite Muslims and followers of slain cleric Hussein al-Houthi
For your own well-being and that of the wildlife, always maintain a safe distance
Group A winners Uzbekistan beat Group B runners-up Jordan 2-1 in second quarterfinal
Miss Dominican Republic, Ada Aimee De La Cruz, was named first runner-up
"There is no room for anyone to be pursuing their own agenda in Bahrain"
Troops from Saudi Arabia and the UAE moved into Bahrain on Monday
U.S.
Rep.
Rep.
Lance Cpl.
Germany will play Czech Republic in the final of women's Fed Cup
The Cessna 208 went down near St.
NAACP Vice Chair Roslyn Brock has emerged as the favorite
His mother left an estate worth £21 million ($35 million)
More than 210,000 people complain to the Federal Trade Commission monthly about robocalls
Adventurer and TV show host Bear Grylls injured his shoulder
Goodman denies two counts of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office
The president's role is more formal, he represents the country as the head of the state
Bush: That is the kind of courage and vision we need
Sen.
Rep.
Sen.
Jason Day and K.J.
This week's Bank of the West Classic in Stanford, California celebrates its 40th year
Currently ATMs in Crimea still dispense hryvnia, the Ukrainian currency
December 6, 1907 -- Worst coal mine disaster in U.S. history: 362 miners killed in explosion
March 25, 1947 -- 111 miners killed in explosion at the Centralia No.
May 20, 2006 -- Five miners killed in explosion at Darby Mine No.
"Crystal Skull" was directed by Spielberg, who has earned the right to strike out every now and then
Spielberg has been producing great, complex, entertaining Hollywood fare for 40 years now
Why has only one suspect been detained, and then released?
More than 40 percent of respondents said security situation worsened last year
South Korea's Mo Tae-Bum wins gold in men's 500-meter speed skating
Lin's fan base on Sina Weibo, China's top micro-blogging site, has already hit the two million mark
Rep.
Teller: Google Glass, if we evolve it the right way, should become a 10X improvement
Police picture posted on Twitter shows fully grown shrub with thick foliage
Of the 242 probationary firefighters joining the ranks, 62% are minorities
"There was no suggestion he was about to carry out a terrorist act," official says
Gattuso has been linked with moves to the English Premier League in recent weeks
But the club have confirmed he will be remaining in Milan for the next three years
Police learned about alleged activities from encrypted data on his home computer
The U.S.
The Tomb of the Unknowns is at Arlington National Cemetery
Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al-Nahyan, is a member of the emirates' ruling family,
He was charged with rape, endangering life and causing bodily harm
"Sheriff Arpaio is a Korean War veteran and a big patriot," spokesman says
California Gov.
The directive follows a February ruling from a New York state appeals court
It is likely to raise questions about whether BT is paying too much
Sky was prepared to increase its payments by a greater proportion, but could not match BT
Four blasts in and around Baghdad killed at least three people Wednesday
The U.S.
Lt.
O.J.
U.N.
Camp Lemonier is the only American military base on the African continent
Some Subways will still make the popular pizza sub from the 1990s
Virginia's new Democratic leadership previously said it wouldn't defend the ban
Nobel laureate biologist James Watson suspended from job after comments
In February, the 68-year-old executive was sentenced to three years in prison
Former Turkey international players Arif Erdem and Fatih Akyel among those detained
Obama and President Hamid Karzai discuss progress by the Afghan government
There is no approved or scientifically proven treatment for Ebola, and no vaccine
Austrian man who allegedly held daughter for 24 years charged with murder
U.S.
Blagojevich faces up to 20 years in prison for each of 15 most serious charges
Judge G.
Her sentence was changed to a two-year jail term, suspended for five years
No.
He acted in several movies, including "Daylight" and "Rocky V" with his father
Sen.
In the long message, the writer rails against the government and, particularly, the IRS
China's top banker has pulled out of the International Monetary Fund meetings in Tokyo
Zhou Xiaochuan, the governor of the People's Bank of China, was scheduled to speak
China considers Taiwan as a breakaway province and does not recognize it as a sovereign nation
Every year, thousands attempt dangerous journey from African countries to Israel
Yasuni National Park in Ecuador estimated to contain 100,000 species of insects
Lyndon B.
English double winners Chelsea fail in a big-money move to sign Brazilian Neymar
Italian giants Juventus have signed Serbian winger Milos Krasic from CSKA Moscow
Campaigning resumed in the French presidential election on Thursday following the death of Mohammed Merah
Most candidates in the election suspended campaigning following the most recent shooting in Toulouse
Most candidates called for national unity amid the national outpouring of grief for the victims
Marvin Norwood, 30, and Louie Sanchez, 29, are charged with felonies
The tournament pits the year's four major winners against each other
World No.
"Mum thinks I'm an idiot, Dad's not too proud either," he says
My Xbox Live lets users edit their 3-D avatars, chat with Xbox Live friends
My Xbox Live is available free for download on the iPhone and iPad in the App Store
Microsoft shows off visual and search enhancements to its search engine Bing
U.S.
U.S.
U.S.
It's a welcome change, but it doesn't completely solve the problem
All oil trains in the United States are also outfitted with event recorders
Dr.
Madeleine is the third child of Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia
No.
BRCA stands for breast cancer susceptibility genes
Rivalry between the AMCU and the NUM is widely blamed for feeding the violence
No one submitted minimum $3.2 million bid for Michael Vick's mansion
Gov.
Sens.
Sen.
Dickie: In-breeding is a serious problem that can increase susceptibility to disease
Lt.
Abdullah had called for the resignations of top election officials
Nearly 10% -- or $8.1 million -- of the foundation's $84.6 million in expenses was spent on travel
Jury selection concluded Tuesday with selection of six alternates
Australian paceman Brett Lee has confirmed that he is retiring from Test cricket
"The Security Council condemns the widespread violations of human rights"
Yemeni forces are trying to wrest the southern town of Zinjibar from Islamic militants
Manchester United sign sponsorship deal with American insurance giants Aon
That would send United to the top of football's sponsorship income league
Brittany Killgore, 22, the wife of Lance Cpl.
U.S.
Spain faces an economic crisis that has sparked sharp government austerity measures
Prince Felipe, next in line to the throne, receives about half that amount
Worldwide medical tourism industry said to be growing by up to 25% each year
NRC is pushing forward with the study because an oft-cited 1990 study is dated
Slater pleaded not guilty to reckless endangerment and criminal mischief
U.S.
Serbia hosted the Third Meeting of Heads of Government of China and Central and Eastern Europe this week
U.S.
Madrid is one of the highest capitals in Europe, at an elevation of 646 meters
Cuomo administration says it delivered letters to banks and mortgage service providers
Thousands of storm-battered residents are still awaiting $208 million in insurance checks
Seventeen counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty
U.S.
Gov.
Rep.
Gounon said the company negotiated with Britain and France to expand its footprint
Last year, the Paris-based company launched a ferry service called MyFerryLink for large vehicles and passengers
Bidding for the vial had topped $30,000 as of Thursday, PFC Auctions said
Johnny D.
Microsoft's Windows Phone 8.1 just got an upgrade with the voice of Cortana
Wright is now aiming for a spot on the British Paralympic volleyball team in 2012
The U.S.
Gov.
"Events" is one of the words Libyans now use to refer to the uprising of February 17
Some fears have a good role to play in helping to promote caution
January 1 marks the day Czech Republic was created after the 1993 breakup of Czechoslovakia
Weighing around 300 pounds, Bai Yun is about 1,000 times the size of the cub
Patrick M.
He called Scientology "brilliant"
Wiens was the first person to undergo a full face transplant in the United States
Gov.
"Cory Remsburg never gives up, and he does not quit," Obama said
Texas Gov.
Saudi officials say el-Gezawi was arrested trying to smuggle pills into the country
Romney ran poorly among evangelical Christians, especially in the South, in 2008
"Johnny English Reborn" had already surpassed its $45 million budget
Holders Zambia will be looking to defend last year's triumph
U.S.
Gov.
Young recorded the album in a Los Angeles mansion earlier this year
Sen.
Photographer T.J.
Some people with IBS may have intolerances to certain sugars
Author: "Where's the African-American Harry Potter or the Mexican Katniss?"
No one on the ground was injured
Eastern Congo has been called the "rape capital of the world"
Dr.
"ER" alum Mekhi Phifer is set to join the cast
"Miss Bala" is based on the true story of former Miss Sinaloa, Laura Zúñiga
H7N9 was never known to infect people until last month
The U.S.
Taliban alleged U.S. forces used it in fighting insurgents May 4 in Farah province
Most of them took place off east coast of Somalia and in Gulf of Aden
Somali pirates are still holding four ships for ransom
Other trouble spots were waters off Nigeria, Malaysia and Bangladesh
Williams team have confirmed Cosworth will be their new engine supplier
Coy was born a boy but identifies as a girl
Under DOT rules, airlines must disclose the full price of air travel to consumers
Sen.
The law requires employers to offer insurance benefits for contraception
"What can Iran do with a nuclear weapon?"
W.R.
Angus T.
Facebook has begun the rollout of a new feature, Facebook Questions
National Retail Foundation expects holiday shoppers to spend $602.1 billion
30 U.S.
Navy tracked pirates overnight after they attacked ship called the Safmarine Asia
Five of Jackson's solo albums are among the top-sellers of all time
It was a surprisingly high number for "The Other Woman"
Rep.
Roland S.
Politicians are facing calls to increase controls on scrap metal dealers to counter thefts
Ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones, eye and skin irritation
World MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi cruises to 100th victory of his career
Still, there are questions from her 3-year-old that are difficult to hear and answer
U.S.
Baltacha spent 132 weeks as British No.
Most of Dunham's personal effects will find final home in Smithsonian
In traditional Hawaiian fashion, her ashes were scattered into waters of islands
Never in the history of Iranian presidential elections has a wife been in the forefront
"This is the first time after the Revolution we see a lady behind the president"
U.S.
Apple and the group have had a long and often fraught relationship
Her body was found in apartment in United Arab Emirates
U.S.
U.S.
Solo travelers account for 11 percent of all American vacationers
Dr.
U.S.
In China, new websites let Internet users leave digital imprints after death
The project may take another five years of development before it is ready
Sen.
Free tickets for the show will be given out beginning Monday at 10 a.m.
BCS relies on polls and rankings instead of actual competition
About 58 allowed to return to their homes to take care of their children
No response from Columbia Farms or parent company, House of Raeford Farms
Adam Ashley-Cooper scores the fastest hat-trick in World Cup history
Kim Clijsters demolishes Venus Williams in final of Sony Ericsson Open in Miami
Hyde served in the House from 1975 to 2006
Americans are increasingly shifting e-mail usage from their computers to mobile phones
Ivonne Hernandez, 45, was accused in the May 2008 killing of Matthew Beaudoin
Southwest Airlines jet skidded off a runway at Chicago's Midway Airport
Purnima lives with her family in a room above the carpet factory where her older sister works
U.S.
Toyota announces drastic production cuts in North America and China
"IT'S NOT ISLAMOPHOBIA...
Sound technician Eugene Stachurski rescued the child and used CPR to revive him
Counting of ballots began Friday in Sudan, nearly a week after voting began
Opposition parties accused the ruling National Congress Party of fraud
307 people have been killed during months of monsoon rains across Thailand
Thais across country donating food, water and clothing to help the worst-hit areas
Anderson has driven American media coverage of the church abuse scandal
At $150 million apiece, the F-22A is the most expensive Air Force fighter
King Abdullah has taken a more active role in the talks
Militants fired at the troops with small-arms and rocket-propelled grenades
Australian soldier killed by an improvised explosive device in southern Afghanistan
Arthur C.
A preliminary analysis of an oil sample shows that it is not aircraft engine oil
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S.
Nowadays, fewer and fewer people are catching programs at their air time
Jimena expected to weaken into a tropical storm Wednesday night
U.S.
The Central Committee is an important body in China's top-down political structure
U.S.
World No.
Elena Dementieva will face fellow Russian Alisa Kleybanova in Sunday's Malaysian Open final
U.S.
America's Cup champions Alinghi reveal they are building a multihull yacht
Capt.
Shane Bauer, Sarah Shourd and Josh Fattal were detained July 31
World Bank ranked Singapore as best place to do business for 2013
U.S.
"He's just answering the questions.
"We are in a state of shock.
U.S.
Testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime
The Congressional Gold Medal is the nation's highest civilian award
Many remember the monarch for his foreign policy initiatives, including his plan for comprehensive peace between Israel and its Arab neighbors
Alaska Gov.
Hebron is the most contested city in the West Bank
Mazen Abdul Jawad appeared last week on a show on Lebanese channel
In deeply conservative Saudi Arabia, pre-marital sex is illegal
U.S.
U.S.
In February, President Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates overturned policy
The movie is like a less original "WALLâ€¢E,"
U.S.
U.S.
Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas objected to the court's decision
Lt.
More than 150 people died in the ensuing chaos
Learn about the latest charge against a suspect in a terrorism investigation
Hear about some of the challenges facing the world's leading economic powers
Look back at some headlines you've seen over 20 years of CNN Student News
Jose Mourinho has extended his contract with Serie A champions Inter Milan
Special coins to mark the christening of Prince George go into production
"I'm trying to have sex with her.
It was Columbia record executive John Hammond who saw the huge potential in Dylan
Republican incumbent Sen.
California Lt.
Two of Terreblanche's farm workers scheduled to appear in court Tuesday
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
"We have to end this epidemic of suicide among our veterans and troops," Obama says
The Turkish Airlines Open will be staged between November 7-10
@MarsCuriosity Twitter account receives about 1,000 new followers an hour since landing
Shops in Ayutthaya are mostly flooded and closed, and people unable to leave their homes
Americans are not in custody, but ruling could make them international fugitives
Three people died and 23 were injured in the other attacks
U.S.
Nicolas Sarkozy quick to throw off the "Merkozy" mantle early on in his campaigning
Merkel stood by her one-time ally, saying she continued to support his re-election bid
German chancellor's office has made no official overtures to Hollande
The threat was specific to one building, but all 12 buildings were evacuated
Police have been combing through the buildings with sniffer dogs
Nissan will inspect the SUVs and repair the vehicles free of charge as needed
Jim Carrey hosted "Saturday Night Live" for the third time
U.N. estimates 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict
The video says "To compete on English soil, we train on Argentine soil."
Johnston arrested in her home in Wasilla, Alaska, on 6 felony counts
U.S.
Android mobile users will be able to use video and voice chat with any Google Talk contact
The features will work of standard 3G, 4G and Wi-Fi connections
U.N.
Sgt.
Prosecutors had accused Drake of leaking information to a reporter
Taraji P.
The last U.S.
4th Stryker Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division crossed border into Kuwait
BAA must sell airports in sequence, beginning with Gatwick then Stansted
The show is about a lowly cubicle worker who has his identity stolen
Penn left his role on "House" to work for the Obama administration in 2009
Troops have been putting pressure on several regime holdout cities in recent days
Kaka currently in Brazil with the national team ahead of a World Cup qualifier
U.N.
Nico Rosberg secures first pole position of career at qualifying for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix
Rubio affirmed the importance of America's economic and military interests in Asia
Survivor: "All of a sudden the guide started to panic ...
"StarCraft II" uses wide range of colors and the attention to detail is spectacular
It also helps amputee victims train their bodies to walk on new limbs
New Mexico Rep.
Australian pilot lands a company plane in the ocean off Darwin
North Waziristan is widely believed to be a haven for insurgent groups
Rep.
In January, government offered residents up to $108 each to stimulate economy
Mohamed, 19, is suing the U.S. government over the alleged detention.
Mohamed had been trapped in Kuwait for nearly a month
Lange suffered bruised ribs, a broken collarbone and a small cut
Lt.
The cars can detect objects up to 200 yards away in all directions
Recruiters under pressure from job and victims of post-combat deployment
Walmart is aware of the problem and is working to address it
Aaron Walker, press secretary for FEMA, gave his resignation Wednesday
World No.
They are instructed to instead give customers a PR-driven recitative
No attacks against Shiite pilgrims reported in the last several days, police say
Rose Kabuye arrested Saturday at Frankfurt airport while on private visit
Richard S.
Bernhard Langer earns his first major title on the seniors circuit at British Open
George W.
LeBron James named NBA Most Valuable Player for second year in a row
New York held its No.
National Geographic Kids magazine encouraged readers to donate old denim
More than 33,000 items of old denim -- jeans, hats and jackets -- sent to Washington
He was arrested in September on U.S.
China needs to master docking technique to be able to build its own space station
China has been pumping enormous sums of money and resources into research
A Boeing Company technician confirms the piece is from a Boeing 767
Rory McIlroy handed a fitness boost ahead of WGC-Accenture World Match Play
Samuel: "When I hear gunshot, it's not one or 20.
Facebook is rolling out a new feature so users can reply directly to comments left on their page
For now, threaded replies only apply to Facebook pages, not profiles
Under California law, a 14-year-old is not eligible for the death penalty or life without parole
If found guilty, the boy could receive no more than 32 years to life plus 15 years
Obama works to win support among key House Democrats for his plan
The Pop Century Resort is in Lake Buena Vista, near Orlando
The president appeared with former Florida Gov.
World No.
Tropical Storm Bill forecast to become a hurricane Monday
Get small bills or coins from your hotel's front desk to make tipping easier
Action Comics No.
Alaska Sen.
Colorado Sen.
Brown was arrested Sunday in connection with an alleged domestic violence incident
Sgt.
Papua New Guinea is on the so-called Ring of Fire
It's on an arc of fault lines that is prone to frequent earthquakes
He was born Joe Willie Perkins in Belzoni, Mississippi, on July 7, 1913
Gas prices have jumped nearly 7 cents a gallon over the past two weeks
In the buddy cop drama, Warren Kole and Michael Ealy play homicide detectives
Walger played Penny on "Lost" and has been in "In Treatment" and "Tell Me You Love Me"
Jeanne Cooper has returned to the hospital due to an undisclosed illness
Cooper, 84, was recently discharged after spending several weeks in treatment
U.S.
Switzerland offers to host a meeting between North and South Korea
A winter weather system blasted broad swaths of the West and Midwest this week
Drug-fueled violence reached record levels in Mexico last year, with 5,400 slayings
Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announced Sunday that national elections will take place September 7
Rudd challenged Gillard for leadership of the Labor Party and won a 57-45
Victor Chu is CEO of Chinese investment firm, First Eastern Investment Group
Last summer, the FAA authorized drone flights over Arctic waters
Uber, a service that dispatches cars for hire using mobile apps, adds on-demand helicopters
Rep.
Marine arrested for the alleged rape of a 14-year-old Japanese girl
The usually sunnier Banks is an interesting, counterintuitive casting choice
John Boulachanis, 37, was arrested in Miami, the U.S.
Doug and Kris Tompkins have dedicated their lives to land conservation
Saudi authorities shut down network's offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after interview aired
Any kind of print advertising should be treated as an art form
Matthew Fisher sued former Procol Harum bandmate Gary Brooker
The Netherlands beat Brazil 2-1 in World Cup quarterfinal in Port Elizabeth
The Hula Valley, in the Galilee, is an important resting and refueling place for migrating birds on their annual journey
Rep.
72 bodies found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside Rifles' compound
Fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers
Supporters of the law had argued that it would promote childbirth
U.S.
Tigers fought a 25-year war seeking an independent state for minority
Bodies found January 12 in apartment in El Reno, Oklahoma
"We're trying to raise our children away from all of the ideologies happening inside Syria," Beyti's co-founder says
U.S.
The code includes provisions for enabling and disabling winks as a command
St.
Elise Testone and Erika Van Pelt joined Shannon Magrane in the bottom three
Brussels is home to NATO, the European Commission and many other international groups
EW has confirmed that Universal has plans to reunite Jim Carrey with the "Yes Man" writers
Cornell West: Barry "had his flaws" but was a "great freedom fighter" for the poor
One million free texts will be sent every day for 12 months from Monday
The initiative plans to send millions of health messages every month
Group also wants Congress to lift the federal ban on funding syringe exchange
40 prestigious schools have set up alliances and campuses in the Middle East
Home Secretary Theresa May has until April 17 to appeal the ruling
U.S.
S.E.
U.N.
U.S.
Photos show refugees on their rickety boats being towed out to sea, cut loose
Rep.
FBI and Secret Service are investigating
The data does not indicate exactly how many weapons might have been purchased
December was the top record-setting month, with 2,783,765 background checks
At least 21 people were killed in shootings and explosions across Iraq Friday, officials say.
Obama frequently spoke in favor of gay and lesbian rights during campaign
Seven works of "considerable value" disappeared in the museum theft
If you stop using Facebook so often, you won't need it so much
To temporarily hit the "off" button, click on Account, then Deactivate
"I don't want anyone feeling sorry for me.
Wladimir Klitschko believes David Haye is only bluffing with his threats to quit boxing
R.
Sen.
U.N.
Facebook is about to completely change the way its profile pages look
In the 1980s, it attempted to join the mainstream political process, but it was banned
In 2005, it won 20% of the seats in parliamentary elections, running as independents
Phobias are No.
More than 100,000 objects have been left at Vietnam Veterans Memorial
Nurudeen pretended to be a British engineer working in Nigeria
"Mr.
30-year-old will continue to play for club side Bayern Munich
International pressure has been mounting against al-Assad
Witnesses told a journalist about 30 people died in the fighting.
"We possibly, most likely, found the remains of J.
Sen.
Entrustet found that 150% of 20- to 24-year-olds in the U.S. are on Facebook
Speaking in Bratislava, Slovakia, ECB President Mario Draghi said the central bank is "ready to act if needed."
The 6-inch doll is made by New York toymaker Jailbreak Toys
"Veterans don't always ask for help.
He said it felt like a scene from a Michael Mann movie
Baldwin was in Washington Monday to promote federal funding for the arts
Police have identified four minor boys who were victims of the alleged abuse
"Neither side has the wherewithal to move," the official says
Vladimir Putin's Russia is by no means the threat the Soviet Union was during the Cold War
George H.W.
Daniel Yellin.
Brig.
U.S.
Dr.
"Money won't buy you happiness.
"You are young, You will have 500 million other opportunities"
"Watch how a man treats a waitress or waiter and his parents.
Aaron E.
They're sure that the infection has hit both classified and unclassified machines
The 23-year-old is youngest to win award since Tiger Woods in 1998
Nest, the learning thermostat, can be programmed to match your daily activities
Experts attribute spike in protests to employers maximizing their shrinking profits at the expense of workers
The shortest: George Washington's 1790 address
U.S.
Dr.
Gov.
Gov.
The agreement has been greeted by developers as an important step away from "patent trolling"
Andy Murray ended Britain's 77-year wait for a men's singles Wimbledon champion
South Korea's National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art opened in November
25-foot dead whale washes ashore on New York's Jones Beach Island
Inquest adjourned into death of baby believed to have been killed by dingo
U.S.
The U.S.
Students will examine Dr.
Gov.
"Frozen" managed to score a No.
Liverpool have signed Argentina international Maxi Rodriguez on a free transfer
The 29-year-old winger has penned a three-and-a-half-year deal with Rafael Benitez's side
Fiorentina have agreed terms with Partizan Belgrade to sign promising midfielder Adem Ljajic
So far, 26 states have signed on the national Common Core Standards
Wii Fit calculates your body mass index (BMI), a metric many doctors use
His last public appearance was in April at the Revolver Golden Gods Awards
At 44 meters long (145 ft), Hemisphere is largest sailing catamaran in the world
Hemisphere's interior has been tailored specifically to the luxury market
17 different types of granite used inside and 16 leather finishes applied
Data is now a $300 billion-a-year industry and employs 3 million people in the U.S.
Acxiom Chief Executive Officer Scott Howe agreed to speak with CNN
Prince William is scheduled to begin a Royal Air Force tour of duty there next month
J.
"1 of the great engineer/producers of our time," tweeted Slash
Launching in early 2015, the first-ever Chinese version of Big Brother will air for ten weeks
FIFA president Sepp Blatter is cleared of misconduct by internal investigation into bribery
She wrote about the relationship between politics and religion in her 2006 book
Both sides desperately need to open up more actual conversations
Japan's GDP fell 4 percent last quarter, the fastest pace on record.
This was the fourth straight quarter the Japanese economy contracted
Paul Simon and Sting announce a tour of North America
Pope gave homily on "global indifference" to the refugee and irregular migrant problem
27-year-old man was admitted to hospital in New Delhi with 90% burns to his body
Dramatic pictures showed the man running along the street in flames
Woman convicted of violating law by not having a male guardian with her
About four dozen groups have joined to oppose G-20 efforts
The "person" appears to be wearing an old-style greenish ruff around the neck
Aitchison insists he did not tamper with the image
He was arrested in a military raid in Libya in June
Obama calls Clinton a woman of "extraordinary intelligence and toughness"
The rocket was destroyed shortly after launch on the Virginia coast on Tuesday night
Florence and the Machine's second album is as dark, robust and romantic as ever
The music touches on Celtic melodies, bluesy rock stomps, nods to goth and gospel
The album concludes with the rock-gospel uplift of "Leave My Body"
U.N.
It was his third run-in with the law in his home state in recent months
Around 400 people were executed in England for alleged witchcraft
The Witchcraft Act of 1735 put an end to trials of accused witches
In 2004 one Scottish town managed to get a pardon for 81 accused witches
Toyota's president apologized Friday for the recall of millions of vehicles
It was Akio Toyoda's first remarks since the latest round of recalls began last week
World No.
U.S.
He was the 2006 Young Global Leader of the World Economic Forum
India's financial capital of Mumbai put on a high-tide alert
No evidence that Bales had been diagnosed or treated for PTSD
Between 4 and 6 percent of the U.S. population suffers from SAD
Wisconsin beat Arizona 64-63 on Saturday night
The bridge's failure severed the state's main artery to Canada
"This was Gary, Indiana, and I had to make sure that they didn't get in any type of trouble"
Moss' last episode airs on Sept.
Rep.
The incident occurred during Scott May's Daredevil Stunt Show
TV Everywhere represents alternative -- and possible threat -- to popular Hulu model
The U.S.
Sen.
Manchester City manager Robert Mancini has confirmed that the club are in talks with two Brazilian clubs over a loan move for Robinho.
West Ham are set to sign South Africa international Benni McCarthy after agreeing an undisclosed fee with Blackburn Rovers.
Barcelona come from behind to beat Estudiantes 2-1 in the Club World Cup final
World No.
"Act like a Thug Die like one!"
Specter died of complications from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
Sgt.
Taylor has neuroblastoma, a cancer that affects the nervous system
St.
Eid Mubarak and Eid Saeed are greetings used during the holiday
Eid al-Adha is also known as the Feast of Sacrifice or Greater Eid
Smith was a two-time All-America defensive end at Michigan State
Probiotics have been shown to boost immunity, improve digestive and skin health
Dr.
3 Doors Down may be best known for its song "Kryptonite"
A judge ruled in favor of her appeal last week
The international community has applauded recent steps toward greater openness in Myanmar
Gov.
Half of gamers said they had upgraded a free trial game to the full or paid version
Authorities had issued an Amber Alert for Isaih earlier Sunday
Winter was 15 in 1959 when he began playing guitar in Texas clubs
Another big year for Winter was 1969 when he played at Woodstock
Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is new owner of the Los Angeles Clippers
"I Want to Hold Your Hand" was most American's first exposure to their songwriting magic
A U.S.
Russian President Vladimir Putin announces the annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region
Applications for the Peace Corps from adults over 50 have spiked 44 percent
Got a story of your own to share?
This is the third major accident to shake Turkey's mining industry
The U.S.
Security forces search the home of Andal Ampatuan Jr., mayor of Datu Unsay
Authorities say Ampatuan Jr.
She's "saddened and disappointed" her words were "totally taken out of context"
Indian batsman Virender Sehwag fell seven agonising runs short of a world record third triple-century.
The U.S.
Texas Gov.
Children came from British families struggling with severe poverty or from institutions
Dr.
Ralph J.
A U.N.
The shooting rampage in July killed 12 people and wounded 58 others
Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al-Maktoum, Chairman of Emirates Airlines
DuBois was last seen walking alone to school on February 13, 2009
MTV Networks even rolled out an iPhone app to help combat bullying
Vermont House and Senate voted Tuesday to override governor's veto of bill
George W.
Heath Ledger's last film, "The Imaginarium of Dr.
"What Super Bowl commercial?"
"It sounds absolutely silly, but it's a serious sport," Verstegen says
TSA is working with police
A U.S.
Womack was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2009
13,000 - 15,000 - Members of the media expected to attend the convention
46 - Percent of the vote GOP candidate John McCain received in Florida in the 2008 election
53 - Percent of the vote Barack Obama received in Florida in the 2008 election
French Internet users downloading files illegally could have their service cut off
Now, Deadline reports that Warner Bros. has acquired an untitled Armstrong project
Andy Murray fight back to beat Rafael Nadal in the final of the Japan Open
The U.S.
Dr.
Family, she said, is "at the core of this country"
The bomb squad was called "out of an abundance of caution," the TSA says
If the U.S.
In Virginia, Cuccinelli was hurt by the same tea party alliance that won him the nomination
A South Korea court ruled that both Apple and Samsung violated each other's patents
Lazio reach the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup after beating Hellas Verona 3-2
Obama will not announce decision until at least next week
John D.
Bronte's "Young Men's Magazine" was written in 1830 when she was just 14
Ansar al Sharia, an al Qaeda affiliate, claimed responsibility
Nearly 26 million Americans have diabetes, and another 79 million are pre-diabetic
The teacher was deported for "activities linked to radical opposition groups"
Tensions in the kingdom remain high after a 2011 uprising
But this is no usual time as nation rallies behind queen as she celebrates her diamond jubilee.
U.N.
Formula One's new Team U.S.
The government has started to talk about the importance of supporting growth
One of the most impressive spectacles was a very erotic S&M-themed mini-set
Antagonism towards Islam has lately spiraled into anti-Muslim strife in other parts of Myanmar
"Boy Meets World" heartthrob Rider Strong is engaged to actress Alexandra Barreto
The couple met while co-starring in the short-lived TV series "Pepper Dennis" in 2006
In November, Strong revealed that he will not be involved in "Girl Meets World"
62nd most powerful woman in the world, according to Forbes
He's likely to be replaced by Democratic Party leader Matteo Renzi
Wormald doesn't eclipse Bacon's performance, but he's an attractive actor
Because he's cast real dancers, Brewer doesn't have to slice and dice the choreography
The U.S.
Hill had been scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday night
Niger Delta a region in Nigeria consisting of nine oil-producing states
"Whoever wants to turn himself in, do it now," he says
One in five women diagnosed with lung cancer never smoked
Forecasters say Dallas temperatures will bump up to a high of 61 degrees by game day
The espionage group mainly targeted U.S. blue chip companies in 20 separate industries
The report's figures are different from those held by the FBI
Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993
In December, Malaga handed a season-long ban from UEFA club competitions after falling foul of FFP
Sen.
Tigers have their roots in the earliest days of Sri Lanka's independence in 1948
Do you know a hero?
Activision's Kyle Walker boldly declares: "This is the Bond event of 2010"
"Flashing Red: A Special Report on the Terrorist Attack at Benghazi" released Monday
The September 11 attack killed a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans
Fuji International Speedway circuit will stop hosting the Japanese Grand Prix
U.N.
Jackson's lawyers have not responded
Bright streaks are "interplanetary dust" burning up as it collides with our atmosphere
South Carolina Gov.
Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho has claimed he did not assault a journalist after his side's 1-1 draw with Atalanta.
The idea builds off the Google Cloud Print announcement we saw in April
Players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men
NFL athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other men
Scott, 68, wrote two notes before his death, including a message for family members
Real Madrid held to a 2-2 draw by lowly Espanyol
Facebook has released an update that changes the Like button's functionality
B.B.
Sen.
Lothar Matthaeus to take charge of the Bulgarian national team
George R.R.
The pilot radioed that he was unable to make it back to the airport
New York is the second state after Maine to adopt such a measure
Officials say it affected seven states in northern India, home to more than 350 million people
Power was partially restored after about six hours, authorities said
Another change is Facebook's lightbox UI, which puts the focus on images
Spc.
Mr.
A panda once believed to be male gave birth to twin cubs this week
The giant panda is one of the world's most endangered species
U.S.
Briton accused of carrying out biggest ever U.S. military computer hacking
France refused entry to a train carrying North African migrants from Italy
Schengen agreement allows people to travel freely between 25 European
But he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan's wartime actions
Kingston: He is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of the national interest
20 people, including actress Kate Winslet, were in the house at the time
This type of lockdown is not common, a spokesman says
Italian tennis players Potito Starace and Daniele Bracciali banned by the ATP
Kree Harrison and Candice Glover wowed the audience
"Could they be alive?
St.
There is no danger of infection from drinking contaminated water
Dr.
The FDA's official decision will not be made for at least a year
More than 200,000 Cubans have bought licenses to open small businesses since October
About 37 million pounds of the meat went to school lunch programs
Access to the crown will be limited to 10 people at a time, guided by a ranger
Six years and several lawsuits later, Fox Searchlight is releasing a two-and-a-half-hour version of the film
ISIS is encouraging Americans to join its cause to take up arms in Syria and Iraq
"It's fascinating to look at the dynamics between people at borders," says Wong
"It is time to let that beacon of freedom shine brighter on all our brothers and sisters"
Seventeen states and the District of Columbia already allow same-sex marriage
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in fight for Basque independence
Japanese carmakers appear to be suffering significant sales declines in China
First automaker to report China sales data since violent anti-Japanese protests
A decision to halt production would affect global oil prices
Sen.
South Korea has one of the highest suicide rates
BBC Persian TV launched January 14, broadcasting in Farsi
He faces charges of possessing weapons for sabotage, banditry and terrorism
"Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows: Part 2" took four awards
Other honorees included Ellen DeGeneres, Lea Michele and Demi Lovato
Gilani is son of former Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani
Opinion said stunt in question did not create a "compelling danger"
Dr.
Afridi was sentenced in 2012 to 33 years in prison
He was known as "JoePa" by players and football fans
Making false calls affecting a commercial airline is a federal offense
Rep.
The visit comes at a delicate point in relations between the two Koreas
This edition will be the first official collection of the Witmark Demos
Dylan will release the ninth volume of his "Bootleg Series" on October 19th
Pope John Paul II and Pope John XXIII were canonized as saints
Find a great tailor
Dr.
Rep.
The end of 2012 is a far cry from the dark days of 2011 when nervousness about the eurozone was at its highest
U.S.
The reports have been viewed more than 1.5 million times
Iran is rolling back parts of nuclear program and getting relief from sanctions in return
Final deal will be contingent on Iran taking "concrete" verifiable steps
Italian officials have indicated that Alitalia is losing about $1.6 million a day
"As for the technique, I can't honestly say that it's perfect," Ekwa, a personal trainer, said.
Education.
Search teams retrieved a body from the wreckage of the Air France airbus
Sen.
He was arrested by authorities after a U.S.
About 100 concert-goers overcome by heat at Vans Warped Tour
Learn about the unsettled issue of settlements in the West Bank
Hear how a proposed budget cut could impact California students
Gov.
The couple announced they were ending their marriage in July
The experiences of Nigeria, Senegal offer a rare bright spot
As the beats swirl, Madonna pursues release, vows to rise above
Daniel Striani is questioning the legality of Financial Fair Play rules
Three diminutive single-engine unmanned propeller planes were found in March and April
Gov.
"Nine turnovers is obviously never going to get it done," Lin says
Tell her about any upcoming event and she'll remind you nearer the time
Maj.
South Sudan split from Sudan last year
Oberst spent the 2000s abjuring big statements, choosing to scale down his sound
The 747-8 Intercontinental is the latest, longest and about the most expensive corporate jet in the world
Boeing is tight-lipped about who, exactly, is buying these "flying castles"
Numerous U.S.
$165 billion measure puts no restrictions on war-money Bush requested
Bangladesh police have detained or arrested 18,000 people in 11 days
Poveda recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador
The infant received a tracheotomy at a hospital in St.
Student: "Why have a Twitter account if you only have four tweets in the past few months?"
Officials will reconvene after Cambodia's general election on July 27
U.N.
Western brands have invested heavily in Russia and relied on the country as a key growth story
The so-called U.S.
One for cellphone users and the other for those without.
Asked if he would consider selling off BBM, Chen said: "I run a public company."
CNN Latino celebrated its launch in Los Angeles at the Sunset Tower Hotel this week
CNN Latino will be CNN's first move outside cable television
Much speculation the wreck was caused by his political opponents
Sen.
U.S.
Pele has denied saying that Manchester City striker Robinho had taken drugs
Brazilian legend was quoted as saying Robinho used drugs at a private party
Consumer Reports recommended a slew of used Lexus models
A bomb was hidden in a plastic bag and detonated around 10 p.m.
They were killed when their family members were unable to pay their ransom
His studio is still being built, but the format is not
Retired Gen.
The CW has renewed "America's Next Top Model"
the show will feature male models for the first time
"America's Next Top Model" is currently in the midst of its 19th cycle
Angola beat Burkino Faso 2-1 thanks to a 68th minute winner from Manucho
Experts and charities explain how they might recover from their ordeal
Time of the essence when suspected victims of slavery or imprisonment are rescued
Magee, 73, had been bishop of Cloyne since March 1987
The Royal Palace on Amsterdam's Dam Square re-opens to the public in June
She hopes her photos shine a light on "the beauty and diversity of mankind"
Huntsman, 37, of Pollock Pines, California, is being held on $10 million bail
GOP has been left for dead before, only to spring back to life
Texas woman says she was forced to give birth alone in jail
A law enforcement official told CNN there is no indication a specific plot exists
Deactivation means profile info and content are hidden from view but are saved on servers
The Secret Service will beef up its presence and enhance surveillance Monday
There are militant strongholds on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistani border
The final season of "Weeds" premieres July 1
Barcelona warm up for crucial Champions League tie with 2-0 win over Deportivo La Coruna
222,488 -- Number receiving Social Security benefits in 1940, less than 1% of the population
$778 billion -- Expected amount that Social Security will pay out in benefits in 2012
He's the chairman and chief scientist of the Rocky Mountain Institute
In 1977, Congress voted to make the WASPs eligible for veterans benefits
A.J.
Schalke move to within a point of German Bundesliga leaders Bayer Leverkusen
Gen.
U.N.
"Grey's Anatomy" delivered 11.1 million viewers and a 3.9 rating
"Scandal" (7.5 million, 2.4) was up too, and not just a little
"The Mentalist" (13 million, 2.5) was also up a tick for its latest Red John-focused finale
The IAEA announced Saturday its inspectors were leaving for the inspection
Iran said Friday it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a nuclear deal
Sen.
U.S.
The intercontinental missile was launched Wednesday morning
The developer had been previously convicted of bribing Olmert and other officials
Dr.
Tata aims to make 350,000 Nanos a year from 2010
Authorities charged him with forgery and flying without a valid license
Follow along by searching hashtag #ATL24 on Twitter or Instagram
The two nonpartisan polls are the first time Udall has been behind his opponent since July
Discussions centered on continued U.S. military assistance to Lebanese army
The violence is the worst to hit Lebanon since the end of its civil war in 1991
Muslim Brotherhood focusing ire on Egypt's January referendum on new constitution
The new constitution would ban religious parties and put more power in the military's hands
Ohio Gov.
Sen.
We secretly loved "The Lizzie McGuire Show" and Lizzie's mom, Jo McGuire
"Inventing L.A.: The Chandlers and Their Times" premieres Monday on PBS
Ibssa believed doctor at the hospital had placed an electronic chip inside him
The suffering will only get worse in Syria unless there is a way to deliver humanitarian aid
"I shall be a president for everyone in Chile," says Bachelet
Health facilities not equipped to deal with high levels of chronic conditions
Martha S.
Sen.
Sadie Robertson, 17, is the granddaughter of family patriarch Phil Robertson
Only Luxembourg, Norway and Qatar are wealthier, according to the World Bank
U.S.
Massimo Ambrosini has signed a one-year contract extension with AC Milan
This will be the shuttle's 28th mission to the international space station
U.S.
Mubarak is still serving a three-year sentence for embezzlement
U.S.
The affidavits say most of the drugs were highly addictive
She knew she was committing the ultimate crime according to Islamic customs
Gul Meena is one of thousands of women living in shelters across Afghanistan
"Cookie selling is just so much fun for me," Katie says
Edwin van der Sar claims British record for minutes without conceding a goal
U.S.
Dr.
Iraqi security forces were routed by ISIS fighters earlier this month
Garner knows the sex of the baby, but declined to reveal it on the show
Markoff also charged in connection with an April 10 robbery
Somalia was plunged into chaos after dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown in 1991
The United States and France want to keep the threat of force on the table
Sandra Bullock made history in 2010 for winning both an Oscar and a Razzie
Halle Berry followed her 2002 Academy Award with a Razzie Award in 2005
Reports of respiratory problems -- and sale of masks -- skyrocket
The U.S.
Visa fees will be waived for families flying to Australia
The conditions surrounding the release of the video are unclear
Tsvangirai and Mugabe formed a power-sharing government in 2009
"The Proposal," accepted the top spot at box office by grossing $34.1 million
Tyrrell is now engaged in a campaign with the Change.org
U.S.
The Girl Scouts of America has a decades-old policy of nondiscrimination
Republicans were quick to use the sound bite in ads in key battleground states
"I wanted to be everything my mother wasn't," Belcher says
World No.
U.S.
Obama met with Massachusetts Gov.
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano will visit Rhode Island on Friday
The raid is related to a long-running battle over oil exploration in the Russian Arctic
The old town houses 11,000 historic buildings, including the oldest university
Last month Venezuelan authorities said they captured two Colombian spies
Sen.
The child was found five days later in San Francisco
"Abel -- put that camera down right now.
More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled homes, 2 million to neighboring states
Bangladesh mourns the deaths of more than 100 workers killed in a factory fire
Sen.
Sen.
Through intensive diplomacy the U.S.
Borders and Jewish settlements are likely to be the most difficult piece of Kerry's puzzle
Some within Israel's coalition government want to annex Jewish settlements in the fertile Jordan Valley
John T.
The FDA ruled in 2009 that the mercury is not harmful
Ive acknowledges that not all of his designs are successful
Brazil's Roberto Azevedo took the flag after voting becoming its first ever Director General from South America
Defterios: Brazil is a prime example of how a lack of reforms has undermined the economy.
President Alan Garcia left Singapore on the eve of the APEC summit
Four-year gelding won the $300,000 Jaipur at Belmont Park in June.
Evergreen has not issued a recall, so the sprouts may still be available in stores
Five years after their marriage, Elke and Paul found they could go weeks without being intimate
Taiwan is Hong Kong's fourth largest trading partner, with a value of more than US$35 billion
Toronto's Jose Calderon finished with 25 points, nine assists, and seven rebounds
Two men who hijacked a Turkish passenger jet surrender to authorities
Lt.
"F.E.A.R.
Sadly, the frights aren't quite as jarring as they could have been
But prosecutors in Istanbul have said corruption is the problem
U.S.
Lloyd R.
T.D.
Pakistan requests U.S. forces vacate the Shamsi Airbase by December 11
U.S.
Hadiya had performed at Obama's second inauguration
Dr.
George W.
Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair
Verizon users reported just 1.4 percent of calls were dropped unexpectedly
If voice calls are a primary reason you use a smartphone, Verizon is probably a better choice
Heathrow's operator said it would begin subjecting passengers to full body scans "as soon as practical"
In Islamic cultures, a belief in genies, or jinns, is common
The Beastie Boys are planning a memoir commemorating their music and career
Surviving members Mike D and Ad-Rock plan to create a loosely structured oral history
Kevin Ward Jr.
Coast Guard has seized 44,000 pounds of cocaine in the previous 12 months
Sen.
"We are going to start bringing the gold to our national bank," Chavez says
NBC has outright won the first week of the broadcast season among adults 18-49
The man tells police he tried to begin a conversation with the rapper
Skimmed credit card numbers can be found for sale on Web sites
Spain's Prime Minister, Mariano Rajoy, may not seem a natural performer but he appears all too familiar with the waltz
As his country faces the prospect of a bailout, Rajoy's gentle glides may mark him as a natural on political dance floor
CNN commenters have taken sides, perpetuating a fictitious (we imagine) rivalry
Man appeared in English team's changing room following Friday match
Do you know a hero?
Tucker even used his interactions with bill collectors as fodder
Tucker is also quoted as making a crack about being so bad with money
The state identified more than 100,000 names of non-eligible voters
More than 75% of the targeted 1.5 million households were contacted
U.S.
Another boat with around 350 migrants was rescued.
Do you know a hero?
A company sampling confirms a positive result for E. coli.
Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula
Reactions posted on the Internet were varied, according to the China Daily
Savon had earned his first Olympic gold with a crushing 14-1 win
Egypt is experiencing a crayfish invasion along the Nile River.
Running of the Bulls in Pamplona has attracted more tourists in recent years
Lionel Messi and his father pay $6.6 million after allegedly committing tax fraud
Bayern Munich clinch the Bundesliga title for a record 22nd time
Border agents are searching cars crossing into Mexico for signs of Dorner
Internet access in Syria was restored Wednesday after a widespread outage
Technology has become a key weapon used by both sides of Syria's civil war
48-hour cessation of hostilities announced by Sri Lankan government on April 12
Dr.
Do you know a hero?
Most U.S.
Iberia said it had found other flights for 60,000 clients and will give ticket refunds to another 10,000
Ground crews and in-flight attendants announced 15 days of strikes, during three weeks
Iberia pilots last year went on strike when Iberia created a low-cost carrier called Iberia Express
He later resorted to an autocratic rule that targeted the opposition
A Saudi court had ruled the 19-year-old had an "illegitimate relationship"
Sixth-placed Palermo suffering a shock 1-0 home defeat by second-bottom Cesena
She was last seen August 2
The attack sparked protests across India, where data show that rape cases have jumped
Gov.
Irish debt applicants will have to give up satellite television, foreign holidays and private school
Rep.
Castro said he was "pleased, because the country is working, despite all of the challenges"
The midfielder plans to build a Park Ji-Sung football center in his hometown
Gov.
Holistic options can be costly, but most doctors will customize treatment plans to fit your budget
"From a Twinkling Star to a Passing Angel," will be the first new ABBA recording released
The new version of "The Visitors" will also include six previously released tracks
ABBA disbanded in 1982 and have since refused to reunite
Hospital officials said Kim Chang-hwan had committed suicide by swallowing pesticides
Daniel St.
St.
Portugal take a big step to escaping the World Cup's so-called "group of death"
Capt.
Banker caught looking at photos of semi-nude model on live TV
China keeps hundreds of missiles aimed at Taiwan, an ominous threat to the island to stay in the fold
The train was on its way from the Croatian capital, Zagreb, to Split
California U.S.
Prosecutors based case on federal computer crimes statute Wu is now challenging
Jury convicted Lori Drew in November for accessing protected computers
The couple, Michelle Palmer and Vincent Acors, faced three-month sentence
AEG Live execs Randy Phillips and Paul Gongaware dismissed as individual defendants
Egypt's army chief Gen.
Do you know where this photo was taken?
The Rev.
Chinese government has created a virtual police state within Xinjiang
Investigators have not uncovered forensic evidence linking Hernandez to the case, Kelly says
It remains unclear who her abductors were or what their motive was
Mexican international striker Antonio de Nigris has died at the age of 31
Pfc.
Guinness recognized AK-47 as the world's most common machine gun
Do you know a hero?
Mahmoud Abbas is on a three-country tour in Latin America
H.W.
Army Staff Sgt.
The incident took place in June
The cause of the fire at the prison in San Pedro Sula was not immediately known
The U.S.
Raizy Glauber was pregnant, and the baby was delivered by cesarean but died
He also stole medication and a firearm from the home
U.N.
Russia has a long-standing tradition of training bears to perform tricks
Enrique Peña Nieto, the Institutional Revolutionary Party candidate, leads in polls
Experts now warn of a broader cyberwar if the U.S.
The U.S.
Jamaat is one of two main opposition parties
Goolsbee has been an outspoken defender of Obama's policies
One analyst believes the shortage of donated organs in China is the main motive
His latest album is a tribute to his son who died in a car crash in 2010
Every month, Mexico's navy says it rescues about 150 stranded immigrants
He became the first athlete ever to successfully defend the 100 meters title
Katynka Z.
A lever on SpaceShipTwo was moved earlier than it should have
Another man fell at the stadium last year but survived
Lyric Cook, 10, and her cousin Elizabeth Collins, 8, were last seen more than a week ago
Allegations of sexual abuse by Catholic priests have spread across Europe
Mendez served in the New York state Senate 13 consecutive terms
A long-time Democrat, she had switched to the Republican Party in 2002
The result means Argentina must beat Costa Rica on Monday to avoid elimination
Online games give leaders the freedom to fail and to experiment
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and Lewis Black are just a few names on the eclectic roster of competitor
Argentina have appointed Alejandro Sabella as their new national coach
"Finally!
Darrell Wallace Jr.
Amnesty International put forth a document calling for the legalization of prostitution
President Obama's record on national security issues under fire
Every year, millions of tons of milk deemed unsafe for human consumption are discarded
QMilch costs around $30 per kilo to produce, compared to $3.8 per kilo for cotton yarn
Up to 20,000 international runners could be affected by flight cancellations or delays
U.S.
Despite all the side missions and interactions, the main point remains taking back Earth
"Mass Effect 3" will be available March 6 in North America
An estimated 300,000 women in 65 countries received PIP breast implants
2014 Tour de France will start in Northern England
A permanent cease-fire, according to preliminary accord, is to be signed before March 15
Hong Kong was returned to mainland China from the British Commonwealth in 1997
U.N.
City's economic boom has led to the resurgence of local gangs
The operation places more uniformed officers in areas where crime rates are high
Rivers goes up against poker champion Annie Duke in finale
Tad Agoglia started the nonprofit First Response Team of America
Since May 2007, the team has helped thousands of victims at 15 U.S.
Rescuers are struggling to save tens of thousands of Northern Rockhopper penguins
Bono's been staying active, maintaining his DWTS weight loss
Mexico, like many countries, struggles to prosecute and punish trafficking offenders
What do you think?
Pfc.
Science is now looking to nature to find the best way to store data in a way that will make it last for millennia
United States will maintain combat troops in Afghanistan until December 2014
NATO will continue to have some kind of role in Afghanistan, likely advising and training units of the Afghan army, into 2015 and beyond.
Picower invested with Madoff, who was convicted in Ponzi scheme
In general, Alzheimer's disease treatment can be a heartbreaking disappointment
He will appear in court Monday for a preliminary hearing
Army Pvt.
Gen.
Gupta member of faculty of Neurosurgery Department at Emory University
Invigilators detected abnormal radio signals that were being used to transmit the answers
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating
U.S.
"We are very happy.
There is no legal minimum or maximum term for culpable homicide
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable death in the U.S.
Curriculum, except for Korean language and history, will be taught in English
Briton accused of carrying out biggest ever U.S. military computer hacking
Six other cartel members and one naval petty officer also died in the raid
Now 18, she went public with her story earlier this year
Group plans to hold "a major news conference" on Friday
"They keep pushing the anti-dumping thing and bullying China, and now we are helping them?"
Sen.
Nevada Gov.
C.
Yunnan coffee is already known as some of the best in Asia
Federal investigators have all but eliminated mechanical problems as the cause
At the request of Pentagon officials, CNN is not naming the SEAL
The embassy advises U.S. citizens to avoid large, public gatherings
Gen.
Avila caught the attention of Obama administration during his 22-day immigration fast
Quest: People will be speculating about how dysfunctional the U.S.
U.S.
"Terrorist funding emanating from Saudi Arabia remains a serious concern"
In 1981 Von Hohenlohe founded the Mexican Federation of Winter Sports
The UAE-flagged vessel was on its way to Singapore from Sudan
Mount Airy -- with a population of about 10,000 -- is also home to the Andy Griffith Museum
The 33-year-old was the highest-paid sportsman in 2008, reportedly earning $110 million
There was no exchange of fire
Spain youth unemployment rate is 40.5%, highest in the EU
"It's just how my brain is wired.
According to Scott, potentially 182,000 voters on the rolls are noncitizens
The former "Monster Garage" star will guest star on "Chopper"
"American Chopper" is going live for the first time
Mogees is a new technology that turns any object into a musical instrument
Timothy G.
USDA spokesman Brian Mabry said no fatalities had been reported
Jenson Button has emerged as a contender to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren
And if he did not, did he act as a reasonable person would have?
Sen.
When enriched to a high degree, uranium can be used as weapons-grade material
Caroline Wozniacki into quarterfinals of WTA tournament in Copenhagen
Macau tolerates illicit methods to bring money into the former Portuguese colony
There are 16,000 desalination plants on the planet, and their numbers are rising
When completed it will be the largest such facility in the Western Hemisphere
Codex Sinaiticus contains all of New Testament, part of Old Testament
Forecasters fear additional casualties
Sen.
Regeneration began under former mayor who pioneered theory known as "urban acupuncture"
Tens of thousands took to the streets Saturday night in 10 major cities
Activists have set up tent cities
The Ethiopian Airlines flight carried passengers from Addis Ababa to Nairobi
Rep.
Maine Troop Greeters welcome soldiers and Marines at Bangor International Airport
In the United Arab Emirates, architects are taking cues from an ancient Arabic design tradition.
U.N.
New Jersey Gov.
The property has been on the market since last month
Senate plans vote on its $3.53 trillion version of budget later Thursday night
Spirit's 440 pilots walked off job Saturday after ongoing dispute over pay
In South Carolina, Sen.
Andrew Johnson took his 1865 vice-presidential oath drunk and belligerent as hell
The New York Police Department prohibits the use of chokeholds
U.S.
U.S.
Rep.
Zimbabwe's agro-based economy in free-fall for more than a decade
Petrino had been placed on paid administrative leave last week
Taliban are holding talks with the North West Frontier Province's government
Richardson escaped from a Florida work release center in 1979
Authorities blame Sinaloa and other cartels for a surge in violence in the region
U.S.
Bulk of this iPhone 5-related gossip comes from a Taiwanese blog
Sen.
U.S.
Bedouin culture is at the root of Jordanian hospitality
T.P.
No.
"Fun Size" blatantly and lazily traces mediocre versions of the genre
"They have a pretty good idea of who it may be," a U.S. official says
He didn't get to sink his teeth into his role
Officials eliminated 89% of the geese near New York's two major airports
The number of geese euthanized in 2010 was up 441 from the previous year
"Bullitt" is perennially voted one of the best car movies of all time
With 600,000 volumes, the oak-paneled library is the court's information center
Savers at leading UK mortgage bank lined up to empty their accounts
Eduardo J.
Examine the details of a proposal to overhaul the U.S.
Learn about the plight of women in Afghanistan under Taliban rule
Trace the history of the tense relationship between Tibet and China
Border squabbles and skirmishes over the division of oil wealth are still the norm
Assange remains in Ecuadorean Embassy in London where he sought political asylum
Federer has played in record 57 straight grand slam tournaments
Do you know a hero?
"Mr.
Some economists predict the drop will increase by year's end to 20 percent
After oil exports, remittances are Mexico's second-largest source of foreign currency
She was convicted in 2005 for smuggling 9 pounds of marijuana
The band's sound manages to be as ageless as it is anachronistic
The album follows their root sound down all kinds of mossy paths
The research contradicts numerous earlier studies that did find an increased risk
Felson, however, says the new findings aren't sufficient to quell the concerns
Previous studies have found that TNF inhibitors as much as double the risk
DirecTV has ordered 10 episodes of "Full Circle"
Production will start this summer
Swedish authorities will now be taking a fresh look at radical Islamists in the country
Arthur E.
Aaron E.
U.S.
More than 430,000 Americans die each year from smoking-related causes
The state of Florida filed lawsuit against BP and Halliburton
Researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many years
R.J.
Hijackings off East Africa have led international navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden
George Washington's 1790 address is believed to have lasted less than 10 minutes
Merger would create an operator with combined revenues of over $20 billion
Bharti would acquire a 49 percent stake in MTN
"We will work it through together," British Foreign Secretary David Miliband says
Anderson Cooper will host the show from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles
Dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen
The NuvaRing is one of the most popular birth control products on the market
Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud is dead, three Taliban sources say
Another 200 cases are suspected
Says he was under the influence of marijuana when he was secretly videotaped
The Fed's hints it would dial back its cheap money program come as Russia expects a loosening of economic policy
Dr.
Uighurs are ethnic Turks distinct from China's majority Han population
Alexander J.
Rev.
The deaths occurred in Kisumu, the stronghold of Raila Odinga
Protesters took to the streets after the Supreme Court retained Kenyatta's victory
Kawasaki will run Marco Melandri in a one-bike team in 2009 MotoGP season
An estimated 10 percent of today's workforce telecommutes from home
2 million American businesses support some kind of telecommuting program
Maj.
U.S. officials believe the Iranians wanted a close look at the carrier
At least eight suspected U.S.
The heightened strikes parallel the closing of U.S.
Although haze levels have receded, officials warn that the smoke could make a strong comeback
From 1886 until 1948, Canadian law banned any and all margarine
Nobs, who had been in a coma after a fall, died in hospital in Lausanne - Swiss media
Nobs co-founded jazz festival in small Swiss town in 1967
Dr.
U.N.
Women who use IUDs are roughly half as likely to develop cervical cancer
The group's five-year insurgency is aimed at establishing an Islamic stateâ€Ž
At least 800,000 people were killed in the 1994 genocide
The $10.1 billion project aims to re-create 10 state capitals
Critics think South Sudan's expected oil bonanza could be getting to its head
Eritrea won its independence from Ethiopia in 1993 after a 30-year war
Nearly 50% of all AIDS cases annually are reported from Southern states
96% reduction in transmission when infected partner is on antiretroviral therapy
Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state
Naismith Trophy winner Trey Burke led Michigan with 24 points
T.I.
Mary J.
Nestle USA plans to remove all artificial flavors and colors from its chocolate candies
Muslim Brotherhood government has granted pardons to dozens more jihadists
Whales, dolphins and seals use sounds to communicate, find food and detect predators
Wilson testified he shot at Brown on the street when Brown turned on him
Wilson called the area where Brown was shot a "hostile environment"
Sunday's awards delivered 19.7 million viewers and a 6.4 rating among adults 18-49
The U.S.
Steve Fossett was first to circle the globe solo in a balloon
Cargill Meat Solutions Corp.
Blizzard warnings issued Friday for several counties in Minnesota
Crowdmug lets you trade cash for pics of the scene at local bars and restaurants
In pilot lounges and aviation blogs, the verdict is in: Asiana's pilots screwed up
Over the years, people have died, been blinded and become ill
Do you know a hero?
Hosts Sri Lanka are through to their second successive Cricket World Cup final
U.N.
U.S.
Democratic Party deputy Enrico Letta's comments come as Berlusconi's popularity surges
Unlike in some religious traditions, Mormon bishops lead individual churches
the FAA also prohibits flights into and out of Erbil and Sulaymaniyah
Authorities said a ship overturned off the coast of Motril
"We had fun with it.
His great-grandfather was killed at the age of 73 attempting to walk between two buildings
The iconic work fetched nearly $120 million at Sotheby's auction house in May
The previous record for a Munch work of art tallied just over $38 million
Listeria can take three weeks or longer to make a person sick
'The Boat Project' is a part of the London Cultural Olympiad
NEW: "I am a European; I want to continue being in the EU.
They say the government kicked them off their land without warning
Ashton Kutcher will join Mila Kunis for a "That '70s Show" reunion
Five of Jackson's solo albums are among the top-sellers of all time
Kidnapped father of Chelsea footballer John Obi Mikel has been released alive
The rock group's Sunday night show in Saratoga Springs, New York, is postponed
Turkey sweating on the return of defensive duo Servet Cetin and Gokhan Zan
The 84-year-old driver struck her as she was jogging Wednesday
Rev.
Pujols was St.
The justices heard an hour of debate about scope and intent of decade-old statute
At least 200 Christian villagers died in the attacks early Sunday
The revolution requires putting in place a whole new set of financial infrastructure
The plea agreement calls for a maximum of 25 years in prison
U.S.
Tierney said he is looking forward to returning and is not concerned about his safety
Many flocked to Newtown General Store, a deli that has long served as a community hub
Dr.
California voters could decide next year whether to abandon the death penalty
Thailand Open champion Guillermo Garcia-Lopez continues his fine run of form
Dr.
Since 2006, there have been seven attacks aimed at researcher's homes or cars
Biden and Sen.
As the verdict was read, Corey cried and placed her hands over her face
Last week, the CDC released tips for school administrators to follow
French court sentences Manuel Noriega to seven years in prison
Department of Homeland Security has halted providing employee data to USIS
Andy Roddick is fit and ready to defend his Brisbane International title
Phil Mickelson and Zach Johnson one stroke back on four under
Gen.
Heavy rainfall from four major storms in August and September created fatal flooding
United States has provided more than $30 million in humanitarian aid
NBC is premiering several new comedies this fall, including "Animal Practice" and "Guys With Kids"
George H.W.
A St.
Much of the restoration will be done by hand using traditional specialist skills
"I've always written plays for the purpose of getting something out of my system"
Norwegian authorities have not yet released the Norwegian citizen's name
The funding amounts to 1% of the overall $1.4 billion Cal Grant program, officials said
U.S.
Talking about mental health can make a big difference
Pilot error caused U.N.
For the last three years Greek society has suffered a prolonged period of economic and political crisis
54 pilot whales among a group of 192 that beached themselves
Turkish court rules country's ban on Twitter violates right to free expression
It took nearly two years to locate the bulk of the wreckage
No.
They also claim to have spotted three similar living creatures
With more than 99% of polling stations reporting, he had nearly 51% of the vote
It was written by Younis al-Mauretani, a senior al Qaeda planner
He proposed that al Qaeda recruits take jobs with companies transporting gasoline
Dr.
Outlook will only pull data from e-mails connected to Facebook accounts
Dr.
New Jersey Gov.
Vorayud Yoovidhaya, 27, is a prominent member of one of Thailand's richest families
Police Sgt.
Judge found case was built largely on "statements compelled under a threat of job loss"
Clenbuterol can prevent pigs from accumulating fat but is harmful to people
Kinkade, one of the most popular artists in America, painted more than 1,000 pieces
People who consume foods rich in vitamin B12 may be at lower risk of developing Alzheimer's
Hong Kong health officials were unwilling to see a repeat of SARS
Scientists working in Lore Lindu National Park caught and released three
On ''Motherlover,'' Justin Timberlake returns for a deeply filthy, proudly MILF-y ode
Rihanna, Nicki Minaj, Snoop Dogg, and Michael Bolton all make appearances
"It wasn't until we started to produce metrics that people understood that people took us seriously"
14th trophy of Guardiola's reign at the Catalan giants
Child labor is often used for illegal gold mining in Peru
Do you know a hero?
About 300 people were missing and feared dead after Monday's landslide
The landslide occurred near Mount Elgon, on the Kenya-Uganda border
Know what you're good at and hone that skill
Edward M.
The law is expected to cost roughly $6 billion over the next five years
The estimates are released to coincide with annual climate change negotiations
U.S.
Women's boxing has been added to 2012 Olympic Games in London
Boxing has been a huge sport in the Latino world for decades
Some experts claim social-network games put business concerns before artistic ones
Jimmy Iovine gave more frank and succinct criticism of the kiddies
The six wild card contestants had to "sing for their lives"
The troubled Middle Eastern nation has been without clear leadership
The U.S. is worried about possible terrorist attacks on Americans
Mark Landon had a few acting credits, playing small roles in three movies
There is a continuum between brain death and normal awareness
An Apple tablet would have color, making it better for displaying magazine pages
The Bibles were printed in two most common Afghan languages
Nathaniel E.
Fight came two weeks after Super Typhoon Haiyan devastated homeland
United Nations estimates 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur
Ranking is number that Amazon uses to show how well one title sells
World No.
China may overtake Japan to be the world's second biggest economy
One of the big issues for the U.S. is China's undervalued currency
Combat and casting magic will still be done through the handheld Xbox 360 controller
The English version is expected to be released during the week of April 23
The oldest woman to climb Everest is also a Japanese
Miura broke his hip and underwent heart surgery
Sheree Whitfield tweeted, "Yes it is official I'm leaving 'Real Housewives of Atlanta.'
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
New Braunfels boasts several organizations dedicated to preserving its German heritage
The 2011 tropical cyclone season in the west Pacific has been about average
There could be interactions with other large-scale weather and climate variables, such as El Nino or La Nina
U.S.
He wrote more than two dozen books on salesmanship and motivation
U.S.
Morsy will be tried along with members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Palestinian Hamas
This is the latest in a series of legal woes for the deposed leader
He already faces charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests last year
Federal analysts looking at the Solyndra loan in 2009 warned of possible problems
Officials at U.S.
Dale Earnhardt Jr.
"Paul just radiated love and you can't fake that," he said
ISIS has established itself as the main jihadist group in the world today
Peng Liyuan, wife of China's new president Xi Jinping, made her debut as China's First Lady
She is a popular soprano, widely known in China for her soaring, glass-breaking voice
Chinese analysts think Peng can similarly help burnish China's image overseas
"Our only concern is, she might unintentionally upstage our No.
Many Koreans eat the spicy fermented cabbage dish every day
The price of napa cabbage, a key ingredient in kimchi, has climbed fourfold
J.K.
The report goes on to document various horrific instances of violence and abuse
U.S.
Defence expenditure is budgeted to rise to Rmb670.247bn ($110bn) in 2012
The rate of increase is slightly lower than last year's 12.7% but in line with the growth trajectory over the past two decades
"It was just a big misunderstanding," said Zineb Curran, a Boston Red Sox spokeswoman
Los Angeles city officials recently began a crackdown on such illegal shops
In the past officials have disqualified songs with explicit political messages
Gen.
Florida Gov.
His comments come a day before Obama meets with Pope Francis
The Professional Landcare Network hosts its 16th annual Renewal & Remembrance
Sen.
The final film featuring the late Paul Walker, "Furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend
Apple confirmed that it sold 2 million iPhone 5s, and retailers detail best ever pre-order records
Yahoo will unveil a new corporate logo September 4
Head injuries are the most common cause of deaths among skiers
Russia and China have been reluctant to impose strong sanctions against Iran
Iran says its nuclear program is peaceful
"You are in the situation.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez also has offered a military airfield
U.N. estimates 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict
Justine Henin out of U.S.
It says the attacks may target places where expatriates gather
36-inch underground natural gas pipeline exploded
U.S.
U.N.
The long-gestating Tupac Shakur movie may begin production this November
Franklin Fountain is a cool escape back to early 20th-century soda fountain
A U.S.
English double winners Chelsea completed their second major signing of the summer
The 35-year-old announced before tournament that it would be his swansong
Liverpool continued their improvement with a 1-0 Premier League win at Chelsea
Pinal County has been described as a key transit point for illegal immigrants
Nand's body is due to arrive from Vienna early Thursday
Zimbabwe maintains that the situation is being exaggerated by the West
Dr.
Samsung says it expects to make a second quarter profit of US$5.9 billion
Apple filed a trademark protection over the phrase "App Store"
Back in January, Microsoft postured against Apple's trademark
MTV music coordinator Gabe Ben-Meir was killed by a shotgun blast Sunday
The crimes happened around the Wilshire section of Los Angeles
City will also deploy scout teams to transmit video images back to City Hall
Bahrain Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa insists grand prix will go ahead
Junior Seau's family alleges his suicide was the result of a brain disease
Bayer Leverkusen move to within three points of German leaders Bayern Munich
Erdogan avoided a runoff by winning more than 52% of the votes
Erdogan stopped short of declaring victory when he spoke Sunday night
Last year, LaRose agreed to kill a resident of Sweden, indictment says
U.S.
Amanda Clarke, disguised as Emily Thorne, returns to the Hamptons to take revenge
Kim Kyung Hee was the sister of Kim Jong Il
9th Circuit U.S.
The U.S.
President Obama acknowledged -- for first time -- human toll of drone attacks
Merian C.
Predatory mice are threatening the albatross population on a south Atlantic island
Former world No.
The group, Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, says man is Cicala Sergio
Sen.
Gov.
Travalena known as "The Man of a Thousand Faces"
The Concordia is practically a skyscraper in two directions: 17 decks high and 951 feet long
The company says it will have to change strategies in cooling the No.
Among the injured is Ahmed Abdul-Wahed, deputy governor of Salaheddin province
Last week, a series of car and roadside bombs targeted buses and bus stations
Gov.
The world No.
Because of U.S.
Sen.
Amnesty International says it has received reports of torture and ill treatment
Guy Heinze Jr.
Gov.
Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state
Israel halted a controversial plan that would have displaced tens of thousands of Bedouins
Ebadi left Iran for a conference in Spain the day before June presidential elections
Vice Adm.
Tomatoes grow best in full sun and well-drained soil rich in organic matter
This is the first bear-caused human fatality in Yellowstone since 1986
Justin Carter, 19, spent five months in prison for what he says was a sarcastic comment
"I just think it got taken out of context, and it's been blown out of proportion," Carter says
Outdoorsy types can catch up with "Hillbilly Handfishin'" on Animal Planet
BET is catching you up with its newest original offering, "Reed Between the Lines"
TNT is airing "Bones" all day starting at 10 a.m., followed by a "CSI: NY" marathon
U.S.
The missionaries say they were just trying to help the children start a new life
But Haiti's prime minister said Sunday the group was kidnapping the children
Qatari TV network Al Jazeera buys Current TV, gaining access to millions more U.S.
U.S.
Etzioni: The extent to which young people do not get what rape means has changed little
Same-sex marriage is legal in the District of Columbia and 19 states
Enemies are numerous, so players will get plenty of practice with weapons
A U.S.
Up to 50 million Americans have some kind of allergy
Spokeswoman: Kerry decided to return to region this week after consulting with U.S.
Vatican had hoped that Benedict's trip could surmount past PR gaffes
Humans contract Ebola through contact with bodily fluids of infected animals or humans
Rep.
Both sides agree to return to Cairo for further, indirect talks
She described U.S.
Researchers at the University of Vienna tested subjects in Austria and Arizona
Insurance companies often cover mental illness in a more limited fashion than physical illness
However, new cases of the virus had dropped in the past three weeks
The 30-second spot is part of a $2.5 million buy and is running statewide.
Measure H.R.
Gen.
"Foods that are laden with carbohydrates, sugar, or fat simply taste delicious," says Heather Hausenblas, Ph.D.
"Edgy guys stand out in people's minds," Liotta has said
The release order comes amid broader tensions between Washington and Kabul
Udinese stay fifth in Italy's Serie A after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to Napoli
Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice in two second-half minutes to end goal drought
U.S.
Ferrari's Felipe Massa quickest in afternoon, three seconds slower than Webber
NEW: The seven instances of alleged forgery involve six inmates
Carol Anne Gotbaum's children are expected to receive a $250,000 settlement
Gotbaum accidentally strangled herself while in police custody
Seau, 43, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound at his Oceanside, California, home
Capt.
SPF 15 blocks 93% of UVB rays, SPF 30 blocks 97% and SPF 50 blocks 98%
About 3.5 million cases of skin cancer will be diagnosed this year
O.J.
Tucker, 39, bought the 10,000-sq.-ft.
Former European No.
Sen.
Nasdaq suffered its second high-profile embarrassment in six months
The auto sector makes up about 7% of South Africa's economic output
Mark Ruffalo is more dangerous and more fun than either Edward Norton or Eric Bana
"It's not easy to be vulnerable and this is one of the most difficult times in my life," Ford says
Despite a gimmicky premise, "Chronicle" fuels its action with characters you can take to heart
The girl, 15, was married off to a 30-year-old man
South Carolina Gov.
U.S.
Poveda recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador
Former Sen.
Roger and Mary Brumback were found dead at their home
McCain launched an ad attacking Obama for his 30-minute special
Carter in Beirut as part of more than 200 international election observers
Eurozone finance ministers meeting in Brussels, Belgium, on Monday will discuss Spain
"She's not going to be a victim of this law," Gov.
Briton convicted of smuggling cocaine worth an estimated $2.6 million in Bali
U.S.
Thailand's constitutional court has declared the country's February 2 election invalid
U.S.
A U.S.
Topless photos of Catherine, wife of Britain's Prince William, appeared in the French Closer
Eight climbers who died on Mount Tomuraushi were in tourist group
Except for a 32-year-old survivor, all the climbers were in their late 60s
Easton Neston is a playground for England's eccentric and carefree landed gentry
Learn why the U.S. government is investigating past CIA interrogation methods
Explore the impact of desertification on Iraq's plants and people
Witness the whirlwind of success surrounding the world's fastest man
The station is used by trains leaving for southern France and Spain
Brembo is a world leader when it comes to high performance brakes
Brembo's sales come from Germany, dwarfing the share for Italy, at 15%
Lombardy is regarded as one of the four motors of Europe, a highly industrialized region
Rivers stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic
Same-sex couples in Cook County don't have to wait until June 1
NEW: Liberato Vega, 30, and Israel Moreno, 28, suspects in kidnapping
Gen.
U.S.
Pyongyang test-fired four such missiles off the east coast Thursday
Previously, U.S.
U.S.
Aceh, Indonesia, located at the northern tip of Sumatra, bore the brunt of the tsunami
Bomb experts examined the mortars
Sen.
The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide
Raymond and Thomas Highers, both 46, were sentenced to life in prison for a 1987 murder
Instead, homegrown radicals inspired by or affiliated with jihadist organizations are launching more limited strikes
Do you know a hero?
2013 Tony Awards will be broadcast on CBS on June 9
Police identified the victims as Jamal al Jamal, 57, and his 52-year-old wife
New York Gov.
A simple majority was enough to be elected the prime minister
NEW: French President Nicolas Sarkozy due in Moscow Tuesday for talks
Sen.
Gov.
Hundreds of Christians pack Church of the Nativity Thursday for midnight Mass
"This year we have the best opportunity in a generation to turn Texas blue," Dean says
Johnson-Sirleaf is currently the only elected female head of state in Africa
Bennett said the ZEduPad is set up to teach grades one to seven
"It's like a dream.
U.S.
U.S.
McDonald's claimed that the "Mc" in McCurry trampled on its trademark
McCurry owner P.
Many of those scattering ashes have been affected by suicide or have outlived their children
Police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up more
McCall -- who was appointed CEO in July 2010 -- says the biggest challenge is cost advantage
No one submitted minimum $3.2 million bid for Michael Vick's mansion
Turkey's culture pits Muslim elite against the old guard secularists
Jose Manuel Lara claims the second European Tour title of his career
Consumer Reports recommended a slew of used Lexus models
49 percent of last year's lung donors in the UK were smokers
Even though rest is how your body rebuilds, there's virtually no time to do it at work
Taking breaks is often the only way to prevent the error that being tired and unrested can cause
Gen.
Council for Coordinating the Reforms Front called for people to march "with their green colors"
Iran trying and executing people accused of demonstrating against the June 12 presidential election
Do you know a hero?
Bosnich released the results of an independent lie detector test
India's central bank cut key lending rates for the first time in three years
France's Dassault has been awarded frontrunner status to supply 126 fighter jets to India
Sen.
The event was organized by a carmaker from Indiana to showcase its plug-in hybrid
Obama is the first president to use the words "lesbian," "bisexual" and "transgender" in a State of the Union
"We know that the U.S. citizens were targeted," Reyes told CNN
Dr.
George H.W.
Israel has long said it would target any transfer of weapons to Hezbollah
The International Criminal Court's chief prosecutor reported Friday to the U.N.
U.N.
Savelli smartphones come complete with 18-carat white gold casing
U.S.
All three wives have set up Web sites to support their husbands
A U.S.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai meets with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari
Dr.
People shared events on Facebook almost four times as often as they did on Twitter
Rep.
Rock stars KISS have joined forces with animated hit "Family Guy"
FotoFlexer bills itself as "the world's most advanced online image editor"
Cameroid lets you "take crazy snaps with your webcam straight from your browser"
Charles E.
Sen.
The justices are seated by seniority, with the chief justice in the middle
No cameras are allowed, but the public sessions are audio recorded
S.
American won bankruptcy court approval to throw out the pilots' labor deal
Rep.
The state owned the flooded land and had earlier won a $5.6 million judgment
The U.S.
It is, quite simply, a poorly conceived and constructed film
It's too bad that one of modern cinema's great master filmmakers couldn't do more
The U.S.
The Director's Guild of America has announced its feature film nominees
David O.
Nigeria has seen a rash of killings and kidnappings
Daughter was to have been named Carolina, but plan changed after cave-in
The coffee chat will happen at Apple's Cupertino, California, headquarters
The chemical has been used for the purpose of strengthening dough
Obama sends nuclear agreement with the United Arab Emirates to the Senate
Lawrence has extensive experience with visual effects-driven action sequences
It's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice
As China's ranks of consumers swell so too rises the stakes for companies looking to cash in
One of Gaia's objectives is to help in hunt for exoplanets
Sen.
Around 400 people were executed in England for alleged witchcraft
The Witchcraft Act of 1735 put an end to trials of accused witches
In 2004 one Scottish town managed to get a pardon for 81 accused witches
"The IMF and the World Bank urgently need to address their legitimacy deficits"
All you need is a webcam, a microphone, and an Internet connection
Consider pre-recording videos when you're starting out to get the hang of things
"By visiting these countries, we use our economic leverage as travelers to support best practices," says Ethical Traveler.
Tour de France legend Laurent Fignon has died from cancer in a Paris hospital
In unrelated incident, two men were shot dead in a Toys "R" Us in California
Officials arrested 58 people and seized more than $41 million worth of illegal medicines
Authorities are offering a $30,000 reward in recent homicides and assaults
She recently wrapped the video for her first single, a duet with Monica
Singer-songwriter Frank Ocean is also contributing to her new project
Yemen said it had seized an Iranian ship near its territorial waters
Arsene Wenger and Samir Nasri have both been charged with improper conduct by UEFA
A third of people who read e-content say they now spend more time reading than before
Currently 28% of Americans age 18 and older own at least one tablet or e-reader
Former Chicago School Board head Gery Chico is in second place
Obama vowed during the campaign to remake the image of the United States
U.S.
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has said he will visit the United Kingdom this week
U.S.
Gen.
David Nalbandian has announced his retirement from tennis
Within a decade, highest rates could be found in the Deep South and Appalachia
Southerners more likely to be obese and to smoke -- both known risk factors
Colonoscopies can be prohibitively expensive if not covered by insurance
Do you know a hero?
Al-Shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the United States
The explosion at Chemical Coatings Inc.
State Department renewed a travel alert to Mexico last month
The peak of the storm is forecast for Saturday night through midday Sunday
Lady Gaga calls the Born This Way Foundation a "passion project"
Chris Brown and others were cut by flying bottles and fists melee at the W.i.P.
Virginia Gov.
Button visited McLaren headquarters earlier this month as he was being lured to the team
The U.S.
The Rev.
Nearly eight in 10 say things are going badly in the country
But three out of four questioned say that things are going well for them personally
Silver's many roles included playing consultant Bruno Gianelli in "The West Wing"
His 27th studio album, "The Next Day," is riding high at the top of UK charts
Three powerful officials in Angola have held concealed interests in an oil venture
The backing group failed to get into the Hall of Fame at the same time as their frontman
The six groups will be inducted April 14 at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame annual ceremony
U.S.
Dr.
About half of the 20,000 who applied to be on "Tough Love Couples" were younger than 21
The Daily Beast is name of a newspaper in Evelyn Waugh's novel "Scoop"
Constitutional reforms were considered a priority in all the Arab Spring countries
Grenada provides a third of the world's supply of nutmeg
Gavrilo Princip fired the shot that started World War I when he killed Archduke Franz Ferdinand
If Verizon gets iPhone and iPad, it would greatly expand Apple's potential market
Cricova's tunnels are vast, wine-filled wormholes that extend between 60 and 120 kilometers
The island's dining scene attracts a number of German celebrities
More than half of all young Yemeni girls are married off before the age of 18
S.E.
Do you know a hero?
The initiative is meant to broaden his groups' work in promoting religious tolerance
There are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines, including Air France
Football's January transfer window opened on New Year's day in Europe
U.S.
France is ready to shoulder its responsibilities
Brig.
In the U.S., not a single passenger was killed in an accident on a passenger flight
U.S.
Saudi King Abdullah appoints a woman to council of ministers for first time
Monitor the best deals out there on any number of Web sites
United States careful to describe Bosworth trip as only limited diplomatic foray
In recent weeks North Korea has sought direct talks with the United States
Eolas maintained its patents entitled the company to royalty payments
Carlos Sainz is closing on his first Dakar Rally car title after extending his lead with victory on Tuesday's 10th stage in the South American event.
Each year, between 3 million and 4 million cats and dogs in shelters are euthanized
Its value had been estimated at $2 million to $3 million
GOP Sen.
She
U.S.
It raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity
SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park's conservation efforts and research
Saccomanni's comments come as members of U.S.
U.S.
Bradley was sacked by U.S.
England second only to Brazil in number of social mentions
Authorities said last week about 300 graves had been disturbed
About 40 million Americans have chronic sleep disorders that prevent good rest
"I wish I had a word of automatic comfort, but I don't," she writes
Fulton writes the Browns will "hear character assassinations about Michael"
"I'm not talking about 25%.
U.S.
Bawer Aksal was detained on August 21 upon his arrival in Newark, New Jersey
Dr.
China may terminate controversial system of labor prison camps this year
A French company has introduced what they're calling the world's first connected electric toothbrush
Howard K.
The first face transplant was performed in France in 2005
Rep.
Mandela has been in and out of hospitals in recent years
He has not appeared in public since South Africa hosted the World Cup in 2010
Authorities trying to disperse anti-India protesters when tear gas shell hit 13-year-old
Spc.
The tapes contain eight hours of recordings between Watson and his attorney
U.N.
Many detainees have been released or transferred to third countries over the past decade
Muslims have said they will appeal to the Supreme Court
Elizabeth Lauten, communications director for Tennessee Rep.
Pink is honing her acting chops to star as free-spirited sex addict
Her character shares a bond with "Book of Mormon"'s Josh Gad
"[Pink] could not be a more ideal fit ," Stuart Blumberg said
Sen.
U.S.
Republicans have once again blocked an extension of unemployment benefits
Chechnya is located in the North Caucasus region of Russia
Mark A.
Tourists visiting Egyptian resort warned to be alert after shark attacks
Pfc.
Maj.
British airlines stop people with swine flu boarding flights
Medical screening for virus has been introduced at many airports
Spanish flu was the worst pandemic of the 20th century
Sheree L.
Gupta member of faculty of Neurosurgery Department at Emory University
The wings, included in the sale, have been separated from the body of the aircraft
Auction set to end on March 27 at 4:30 p.m.
Applied Pharmacy sold propofol to Dr.
Dr.
Gates: "I was 13 when I first got access to a computer.
Queen herself made state visits to Singapore in 1972, 1989 and 2006
Police also are looking for a silver minivan
The Queen's horse, Carlton House, beaten by two-and-a-quarter lengths
She was the subject of a gender test following her 2009 victory in Berlin
Her masculine build, chiseled abs and deep voice fueled rumors about her gender
He is described as stocky and bald, with short gray hair on the sides, and wears glasses
Bergrin was assistant U.S. attorney in New Jersey before going into private practice
Panama on top of Group C with two victories from two games
U.S.
The game shooter expands on current tensions with North Korea
In 2002, bat-biter Ozzy Osbourne attended
David Cross showed up in 2009 and allegedly snorted cocaine
Aso's approval rating at 11 percent, the second lowest ever for a Japanese PM
U.N.
Det.
Gov.
StubHub is expecting big numbers in 2015
Five U.S.
The FBI also added Raddulan Sahiron, a Filipino wanted for kidnapping an American in 1993
Sen.
Rep.
The interview will air at 9 p.m.
The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk
Gen.
At least 883 people killed in drug-fueled violence in Juarez this year, officials say
The alerts were the first sent statewide in California under a new program
U.S.
The U.S. carries out drone strikes in Pakistan but generally does not comment
Sen.
Manfred spent 15 years as MLB's executive vice president of labor relations
Do you know a hero?
Do you know a hero?
Chavez has not specified the type of cancer he is battling
North Korea has called annual training exercises "an open declaration of a war"
U.N.
U.S.
U.S.
They are reporting a higher percentage of diarrhea than other athletes
Jagged rows of teeth-like hooks attach on man's penis
Pattinson said he's never gotten used to the paparazzi attention
Twitter, Facebook and YouTube were widely used in Tunisia's uprising and in Iran last year
The British market for superyachts grew more than 15 percent last year
The Kolyma Highway (M56) in Russia is the coldest road on Earth
The new world No.
U.S.
It then displays selected nutritional information such as alcohol content on the side
The device can be set to meet a variety of needs, from weight loss to improved sleep
Sgt.
The word has taken on a roller-coaster trajectory of its own
Confronted with the pervasiveness of the word, Democrats began an effort to redefine it
Topps Meat Co.
2005 U.S.
Roland S.
U.S.
This is the first time the FDA has set limits for arsenic levels in food or drink products
Wal-Mart acting to limit public address feature
New Jersey store updating intercom systems
Obama is "anxious to get back to work" after midterms
Mount St.
Almost 38 percent of LinkedIn users earn more than $100,000 a year
U.S.
Rep.
The results play no official role in deciding who governs Iraq
He will be required to check in with immigration authorities
For a long time, the best-known aspect of Xi's life was his wife, a famous folk singer
Gov.
Sen.
The album is inspired by the Occupy Wall Street movement
Tariq Abu Khdeir, 15, was expected to arrive in Tampa on Wednesday night
A high school sophomore in Tampa, Khdeir was visiting Palestinian relatives in Jerusalem
Greek government loosening regulations on cruise ships, eliminating taxes for airlines
Terry Hall pleaded guilty to bribery conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy
Col.
Prosecutors wrapped up their case in the John Edwards corruption trial
Edwards faces six felony courts, including conspiracy and making false statements
Former Rep.
The St.
Stark's arrogance and narcissism come back to haunt him
Floyd Mayweather Jr.
U.S.
"He grabbed my arm and asked, 'Will you be going to school anymore?'"
New Zealand back to top of HSBC Sevens World series
Kendrick Johnson was found dead in a gym mat at his high school in January
Airlines are introducing amenities and getting creative to lure budget-minded travelers
The Oscar-winner has a 5-year-old daughter with ex-boyfriend Gabriel Aubry
Paul McCartney refuted media accounts about the fate of the Beatles song catalog
Salary cuts and pay freeze will save approximately £3 million
Arkansas's Crater of Diamond State Park is only diamond-producing site in the world open to the public
HHS launched a website to get public's help in finding fugitive "deadbeat parents"
Officials say they don't know how many confidential records are on the hard drive
Archives announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to its return
Queen Elizabeth II has been attending Royal Ascot since before her reign began
NASA's Mars rovers are celebrating their fifth birthday on the Red Planet
George W.
The story centers around the original family of vampires and stars Joseph Morgan (Klaus)
Phoebe Tonkin, who plays sexy werewolf Hayley on "TVD," is also set to star
J.
Obama had said that his position was "evolving"
The new world record still awaits official approval from Guinness
This year the monsoon rains came late but when they did it was with unrelenting force
the U.S.
Cpl.
Dr.
U.S.
Efron plays Logan, a Marine with three tours of Iraq under his belt
Food entirely or partially produced with genetic engineering must be labeled
Gov.
It's meant boom times for European brands like Prada, Louis Vuitton and Chanel.
500 fowl that died in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region tested positive for H5N1
In late January, China confirmed its sixth case of bird flu in a human
They're currently on their 50th anniversary tour around the world
"Good Vibrations" -- considered by Rolling Stone magazine as "ultimate triumph"
At $150 million apiece, the F-22A is the most expensive Air Force fighter
Dr.
South Africa refused the Dalai Lama a visa to attend the event
The show was canceled, and the crash is under investigation
The girl, named Carrie, introduced herself to Wagner backstage at a concert
Reports say Carrie, who was given up for adoption as an infant
U.S.
U.N.
Use air-conditioning filters with the highest minimum efficiency reporting value
Lawson and her children moved out of their family home and hasn't spoken to him since
Sen.
U.S.
The Transportation Department will convene a pipeline safety forum on April 18
SnapChat's 4.6 million user names and cell phone numbers were posted online
Japan will lobby IWC members to support its Antarctic whaling program
Boko Haram-related violence killed 1,500 in the first three months of 2014
Sen.
"Batman v.
Dr.
Security personnel will also check mountain climbers for non-essential items
U.S.
At Ambrosia, Santorini's sea-filled volcanic crater provides a rocky perch
Two girls allege in court that the vaccine made them sick
According to the AAP, more than half of adolescents visit a social media site more than once a day
Capt.
More than 65% of friendships between 13-year-olds and parents are initiated by child
Police officers and special forces covet the ability to "see" through walls
His parents never abandoned more orthodox treatments for Rowan's autism
Rafael Nadal returns to singles action at Rogers Cup in Montreal
World No.
Sgt.
Chinese premier Li Keqiang is meeting his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev
John paid tribute to Taylor at a concert in Pittsburgh Wednesday
The U.S.
Sinisa Mihajlovic has been sacked as coach of Italian Serie A side Fiorentina
U.S.
U.S.
Pirates attack Japanese cargo ship off the coast of Somalia
A pair of small pirate vessels fire on ship operated by Mitsui O.S.K.
In 2008, pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 off Somalia
The U.S. citizen was found guilty of torturing and beheading at least four people
U.S.
"Racism is not for debate!"
A senior Chinese auditor has warned that local government debt is "out of control"
His accounting firm, ShineWing, had all but stopped signing off on bond sales by local governments
"Snow White and the Huntsman" dropped 59 percent to $23 million
Police had received a report that the man and some others were sniffing glue
More than 600 supporters watch their team suffer its sixth loss in seven games
The team will announce details of how fans can receive a refund on their ticket
Scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets
Adria says he's come up with a "theory of everything" ... a model to unlock creativity in any walk of life
William will meet with President Barack Obama
The Balonne River in the town of St.
"The Vow" hits on an intriguing yarn and plays it out
Michael Sucsy's movie is a different beast, a romance first and foremost
Channing Tatum is a good fit for the bruised and brooding Leo
More studies are needed to confirm the role that these genetic variants play
Italy has seen a series of tragedies as migrants cross from North Africa
Hundreds more have been rescued from often unseaworthy vessels
A week before Christmas, some carriers may automatically send packages out next-day
Christopher W.
Fort Hood is largest U.S. military installation in the world by size
Scientists have credited the quake with shifting the Earth's axis
With up to four guitars, bass and drums, Coxon is not act for faint-hearted
What do you think?
Dr.
In March, Charla Nash filed a lawsuit seeking $50 million in damages from the owner
She's now an audio engineer for the West Point Band
Most deadly Islamist terrorist attack ever in France followed weeks of warnings from French officials
U.S.
A U.S.
The U.S.
18% to 45% of women remain with an abuser in fear of what he may do to a pet upon leaving
21 states have enacted laws to include pets in domestic violence protection orders
71% of women report their batterer had injured, killed or threatened a pet to exert control
United Nations is temporarily relocating nonessential staff
Jo-Ann Burrows believed for years that her son had been cremated
The mother-of-five is now taking legal action against the hospital authorities
In June, the country's top court ordered the government to restart ERT
Gen.
Odierno expected to set stage for eventual U.S.
Visit to have taken place amid ongoing tension along Afghan-Pakistan border
George W.
Details of the death are sketchy
Cranston is expected to direct the ninth episode of Breaking Bad's final season
More than 600 supporters watch their team suffer its sixth loss in seven games
The team will announce details of how fans can receive a refund on their ticket
Bennett: The American people voted in big government, and they will be punished for it
Ms.
The 21-year-old went to Egypt this year after spending time in Morocco
He is being moved to the Joint Regional Correctional Facility
Patients taking Iressa mainly experienced skin rashes and/or mild diarrhea
Patients on Taxotere had many more severe side effects, including hair loss
World No.
Disney has launched a new digital series
The fund has projected a redevelopment of the site will bolster Greece's gross domestic product
Hellinikon airport was once Greece's flagship terminal and hub for international travel
Sen.
Chinese officials blamed poor management and inadequate precautions for an explosion
His cousin, Jonas Edmonds, 29, was arrested at his home in Aurora
Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI will attend the canonization of John Paul II and John XXIII
Every 30 seconds, two non-Hispanics reach retirement age and one Latino turns 18
Webber held a 14-point advantage going into the inaugural Korean GP
Schaeuble said the "problems are not solved but we are in a much better shape than we used to be some years ago"
The losing party will almost certainly ask the U.S.
U.S.
U.S.
Obama is expected to finalize a comprehensive partnership with Indonesia
Sen.
The midfielder plans to build a Park Ji-Sung football center in his hometown
Voyager 1 and 2 were launched in 1977, 16 days apart
NBC's new comedy might benefit from the increased interest in politics
Laurent Blanc to take over as French coach from Raymond Domenech after the World Cup
Sen.
U.S.
India's Mars Orbiter Mission entered Mars' orbit Wednesday
It's estimated that up to 90 percent of patients are women
In response, the IDF said, the Israeli Air Force attacked "two Hamas terrorist targets" in southern Gaza
President Obama tells the nation that a U.S. operation killed Osama bin Laden
LeSportsac's Ryan Baby Bag will be your go-to bag long after you've survived the terrible twos
Reisenthel Mini Maxi zips into a wallet-size pouch you can tuck into your suitcase for later use
Semenya won the 800-meters gold at the World Athletics Championships
Suu Kyi was released from house arrest on November 13
Atlantis launched May 11 for NASA's final repair visit to the Hubble Space Telescope
U.S.
France was a founding member of NATO but left in 1966
Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year?
Afghanistan's presidential election will go to a second round
It will be the country's first democratic transfer of presidential power
ICE agent Kelton Harrison was shot Tuesday morning near Hargill, Texas
Harrison survived the shooting but underwent an operation and is still hospitalized
Loretta Ford, 90, is being inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame on Saturday
Delete any pictures that could have been taken in Anywheresville, USA
Do you know a hero?
Royal Delft influenced by Chinese pottery, after Dutch tradesman brought back porcelain from the Far East in the 1600s
Royal Delft is the sole remaining plant of 32 earthenware factories established around the industry
The company hosts more than 120,000 visitors a year to showcase how the pottery is made
She has been a member of Iceland's Parliament for 30 years
A woman and her husband underwent infertility treatment in the early 1990s
Wyoming Sen.
World No.
Hispanics have a 33% chance of finding the perfect bone marrow
"Saturday Night Live" kicks off its 35th season on September 26
Germany coach Joachim Low has signed a two-year contract extension
Rep.
It may take two months to determine cause of death
Firefighters let the blaze burn out
The National Tea Party Federation has expelled Williams and his Tea Party Express
U.S.
U.S.
"The liberal social experiment with our military continues," Fleming says
"The Dictator" collected a decent $17.4 million
Dubai World said to account for $59 billion of Dubia's $80 billion debt
Dr.
"Monsters vs.
Many students have stories of narrow escapes and cheating death by seconds
Charity Culture Foot Solidaire campaigns against trafficking of young players
Hong Kong abolished capital punishment more than two decades ago
Sen.
"Two And A Half Men" star Jon Cryer win second Emmy for best lead comedy actor
Implosion is part of an agreement with the United States
U.N.
U.S.
No one else was injured
California Attorney General Kamala Harris raising money for Senate bid
"He's the heir apparent," says CNN National Security Contributor Fran Townsend
Police conscripts stood by as rival fans attacked each other with rocks and chairs
Veronica Campbell-Brown is cleared to return to competition by officials in her native Jamaica
Winners of the Children's and Teen Choice Book Awards were announced Wednesday night
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un won his first parliamentary election with 100% of the vote
Who Kim chose to cast his vote with has sparked interest
On Monday, Zimmerman was briefly detained after a dispute involving his estranged wife
Sri Lankan government says Tamil chief Velupillai Prabhakaran is dead
Jose Maria Olazabal will not continue as Europe's Ryder Cup captain
South Korean financial regulators will investigate local branches of Standard Chartered and HSBC
The U.S.
The U.S.
Texas Gov.
The technology will be used for the first time at the FIFA Club World Cup in Japan
Dr.
S.E.
The burst was 3.9 billion light-years away from Earth
State sent out 348 licenses to prospective retail marijuana establishments
James co-wrote and co-produced the action comedy, which hits theaters on Friday
Two previously unreleased songs, "Lena" and "Long Way Home," stand up well in this impressive company
The baby, who will be a great-grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II, is due in July
Debate also showcased winners of the Raise Your Voice video competition
U.S.
FTC hopes the tool might be similar to the "Do Not Call" registry
U.S.
Rapper Gucci Mane made his first court appearance Wednesday
Police have identified two other suspects
U.S.
Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful
Animals that ate a diet high in broccoli had significantly less cartilage damage
Bee: Vocabulary evaluation will count for 50% of a speller's overall score
Greece's cabinet voted to support the call for a referendum
Latinos see LGBT advances as an example worth following
The Pakistani military said it has lodged a "strong protest"
U.S.
Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year?
159 cases of measles in the United States from January 1 through August 24
Nearly two-thirds of cases happened in communities where many people don't vaccinate
St.
Former U.S.
Clinton's allies there are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors
E.
U.S.
Fox's restart of the legendary franchise delivers on almost every front
The tension of "Rise" increases gradually through the film's first hour-plus
Unlike the animatronics of old, the special effects of "Rise" are astonishing
Williams was found dead in his Northern California home Monday
Japan's GDP fell 4 percent last quarter, the fastest pace on record.
This was the fourth straight quarter the Japanese economy contracted
Israel abuzz with talk of potential for pre-emptive strike on Iran's nuclear facilities
Cantona has written to mayors to obtain 500 signatures needed to stand
Politicians in Denmark are now debating whether to adopt a Swedish-style approach
"We want justice!"
Where will the Clinton baby be delivered?
Willie Nelson, Heart, Barenaked Ladies and Cheap Trick previously canceled
Once they are installed, they will make building tallest in Western Hemisphere
The center was 13.7 miles (22 kilometers) deep, the USGS said
The balloting went off peacefully, except for a few skirmishes
Diego Maradona has plastic surgery on his face after getting bitten by one of his dogs.
426 - Electoral votes Bush received in the 1988 presidential election
168 - Electoral College votes he received in 1992, losing to Bill Clinton, who received 370
The jury did not find the Dodgers then-owner, Frank McCourt, negligent in the case
Affected users will receive an e-mail instructing them to reset their passwords
"It's 100% better.
Four provinces in Bolivia have declared autonomy from the central government
Nokia Lumia 710 went on sale January 11 for a budget-friendly $50
Motorola dropped the price of its 16GB Droid Razr from $300 to $200
Staff Sgt.
Udinese have gone top of Italian Serie A after a 2-1 home victory over Siena
The Chinese territory is made of more than 200 islands with 700 kilometers of coastline
The U.S.
Snow Patrol are hoping to make an emotional impact that resonates beyond McSteamy
Break-ups, childhood nostalgia, even the loneliness of air travel are covered
Sen.
In May, Iran tested surface-to-surface missile capable of reaching parts of Europe
Urry: It's definitely a good idea to keep the Skylab-sized space junk controllable
The likelihood that Obama and Romney each net 269 electoral votes is not so far-fetched
Henn is the only confirmed American fatality
The North Korean says he killed his platoon and squad leaders
The infection was first reported by Wired magazine
New Jersey Democratic Rep.
Jordan is the honorary assistant captain for the U.S. team at the event
U.N.
The tourism industry, one of the most important assets for Italy, is not immune from the crisis
Gov.
Prosecutors say he was involved in weapons trafficking in violation of his probation
The revised 3-D release plans will be announced "at a later date"
"Star Wars: Episode VII" is set for release in 2015
The Internet phone giant launched "Skype WiFi" in the Apple store Wednesday
The app allows you to connect to Wi-Fi hotspots and only pay for the minutes you use
Access rates start at $0.06 per minute, but may be more depending on the provider
FDA says all manufacturers have agreed to change their labels
Ukrainian general arrested in connection with murder of journalist
Gen.
There was no comment on the technology that would be used in such a situation
Estimates of the death toll range from 6,000 to 12,000
President Barack Obama said there are "some hidden biases that we all carry around"
Fourth seed David Ferrer out of U.S.
Google has been plagued by black hat SEO practices and content farms for a while
Sen.
Nobody really knows how many women were forcibly sterilized throughout Peru
"The King's Speech" is a crowning achievement powered by a dream cast
Turkey's prime minister has shown little sympathy for the hunger strikers
England coach Fabio Capello has warned his players to behave or miss the World Cup
Gov.
Incident started after deputies pulled over 20-year-old in Pinellas Park
Hearings held in open fields in neighborhoods where the attacks occurred.
Hearings have tried about 1.5 million cases since they started
Costa Rica is brimming with opportunity for both adventure and relaxation
Uganda received the loudest cheer of all when they were announced at the ceremonies
Serena Williams equals Venus' total of 43 WTA Tour titles
Gen.
Kenya has been on edge since it sent its troops into Somalia to pursue Al-Shabaab militants
Last month, the CIA acknowledged videotapes were made in 2002
John J.
Nuevo Laredo has been the scene of violent attacks in Mexico's drug war
Cosby, 77, was greeted with cheers and a standing ovation
Woman's body found in the River Usk near the village of Talybont, in mid Wales
Chavez spoke highly Obama, saying he is an "intelligent man"
Chavez said Pentagon behind ousting of Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya
Tyson Jerome Barnette, 26, was on duty when he was killed
Savana Redding was 13 when administrators suspected she was carrying drugs
Devo drummer Alan Meyers, who was with the group from 1976 to 1986, died last year.
Susan G.
"The Vow," starring Rachel McAdams and Channing Tatum, led the way with $41.7 million
Not too far behind was the thriller "Safe House," which took in $39.3 million
U.S.
U.S.
Marquise L.
Authorities have said the November 23 massacre in Maguindanao province was a politically motivated
Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao
Berlusconi could lose his Senate seat after a conviction for tax fraud was upheld
Rep.
Andrea Agnelli will become the new president of Juventus at the end of the current season
She says she felt "dehumanized" after Hollande took over the presidency
Such apps could be accessed through home computers or smart phones
Years before the first Gulf War, Saddam Hussein was slaughtering Iraq's Kurds
David Puckett's nonprofit provides free artificial limbs, braces and care
Italy beat England in a penalty shootout to reach Euro 2012 semifinals
Ohio Gov.
Sen.
Sen.
Dr.
Testicular cancer will be diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime
Federal authorities arrested Quazi Mohammad Rezwanual Ahsan Nafis on Wednesday
F-15 is used for ground support in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan
All U.S.
U.S.
Spring allergies now start sooner and fall allergies end later, thanks to global warming
Between 3,500 and 5,000 barrels of heavy crude leaked from a ruptured pipeline
Sen.
GOP Sen.
"It's all God's grace.
Ken Griffey Jr.
Jackson Women's Health Organization filed for the action in response to a new state law
U.S. officials have said the identity of the courier was established in 2007
George W.
J.R.
Apple claims it has erroneously calculated the formula which displays signal bars
Elie believes his was the first American basketball team ever to visit North Korea
John "Dr.
Dr.
Robert F.
There are over 7,000 diseases yet we only have cures and treatments for 500 of them
Jeb Bush said Hispanic voters will represent margin of victory in 15 swing states
Lady Gaga, Arcade Fire and Eminem will perform
There are about 1.57 billion Muslims in the world, according to the report
"Le Noise" is the most intimate and natural-sounding album Young has made in a long time
"Le Noise" is, ultimately, an extreme simplicity: the sound of a man who won't give up
U.S.
"Black Diamond" refers to France's highly-prized truffles of the same name
Right-to-work laws make it illegal to require that employees join a union
23 states, most of them in the South and West, have right-to-work laws
Rupert Murdoch was said to have treated Brooks like a daughter
Do you know a hero?
U.S.
Growth in advanced economies should "strengthen gradually" from the middle of this year through to 2014
Greece, the first country to receive a bailout more than three years ago, is now in its sixth year of recession.
Lauryn Hill reported to federal prison on Monday
Key conservatives have complained of Ahmadinejad's treatment of protesters
Free hiking permits allow visitors to wander the island at will
"We gave her away.
Greek Roma couple who raised Maria are in custody charged with kidnapping
Spaniards have dubbed the project "EuroVegas"
Marijuana helps pain patients fall asleep more easily and sleep more soundly
Philippe Senderos in talks to leave Arsenal and join English rivals Everton
Mission will start in early April after about three weeks of sailing
Gen.
Brown has
Obama administration continues to dismiss notion of new Cold War with Russia
Naomi A.
The U.S.
Misty Upham, 32, was last seen October 5 in Muckleshoot, Washington
The United States calls Iran the world's top state sponsor of terrorism
Many community colleges have cut or frozen tuition for laid-off workers
Paraguay's subtropical forests, broad rivers and unusual history can make it an intriguing detour
Gov.
He must also submit his DNA to the state database
At stake is the fight against Ebola itself, advocates say
An American staff sergeant used a Quran for target practice
"No positive spin is possible.
Sen.
Lord Raiden sends a message back in time to himself to prevent Shao Kahn's ultimate victory
A loaf of bread currently costs about 300 billion Zimbabwean dollars
Almost a year has passed since the Tiger Woods' car accident
$1 million reward offered for information leading to art's recovery
U.S.
Galvao has denied illegally obtaining land and being involved in Stang's murder
Manufacturers will be thinking outside of the "rectangular slab form-factor" box
China said on November 15 that it would close its labor camp system
Dr.
They also claim to have spotted three similar living creatures
Nine people, including two policemen, were reported killed in violence Tuesday
There was no immediate reaction from the governor or the law's legislative supporters
Lance Cpl.
Southern right whales migrate along southern Australia from June to October
The shooter, Jaylen Fryberg, took his own life in the cafeteria.
Army Spc.
Brig.
Fatmire "Lira" Bajramaj is hoping to shine when Germany hosts the FIFA Women's World Cup
NEW: In May, Tibetan representatives will discuss the Dalai Lama's proposal
CNN/Opinion Research Corp.
Gov.
The result is superior to many of the low-budget terror flicks
"It's like I have nothing to accomplish.
Sen.
Authorities arrested a woman in June 2008 in central Mexico on charges she had killed another woman for similar reasons
Is deliberately trying to lose a match smart tactics or disguised cheating?
Sen.
Scouts renewed their promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society
U.S.
Rep.
There's something for everyone this holiday season from Rudolph to Justin Bieber
U.S.
Brig.
U.S.
The blast occurred in Azare town in Bauchi state
She became first woman and the first Democrat elected to the job
MV Andinet, part of the Ethiopian Shipping Line, was approached by two pirate skiffs Monday
Sen.
Sen.
The album is less defiant than its title suggests, with many lovely moments by the piano
More than half of U.S.
"My eye!
Nathaniel E.
Gov.
The yen went up to a post-war high of 75.32 per dollar
The government is worried that a strengthened yen will impact its economy, which relies heavily on exports
In 2009, New Delhi's high court decriminalized same-sex relationships
Despite his popularity at home, he is facing charges of crimes against humanity
Sata took office in 2011 after the incumbent President tearfully conceded
On Sunday, November 2, it will again be the end of Daylight Saving Time
Champions AC Milan can join Udinese on 24 points with a home victory against Chievo
The condition caused neurocardiogenic syncope, a loss of consciousness
"So far, all areas that had Internet service before Thursday are connected," opposition says
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas sent off in 1-0 win at Espanyol
Real cut Barcelona's lead at the top to five points
The Green Revolution snaps on to all major brands of indoor cycling equipment
They have criticized the handling of a border dispute with Cambodia
They claim editorial calling for political reform was re-written as tribute to Communist Party
Bing Deals arrived Thursday on desktop PCs and smartphones
Quantitative easing was last introduced in a major economy in Japan in 2001
Capt.
American Ben Spies will lead the second row after qualifying fourth ahead of Honda's Dani Pedrosa
Suits say national chapter of Phi Kappa Tau fraternity allowed a culture of "violent misogyny"
Similar celebrations planned for Christchurch and Wellington
Greece, which is facing its fifth year of recession, will go to a second election June 17
M.
The fly-by "put the lives of the U.S.
Hampton city police said they had the shooter in custody
Storm led a life of many parts -- committed jihadist, family man and sports enthusiast
"I'm going to need to have the cops onboard," flight crew member told tower
Shin is only man known to have been born and escape from a North Korean prison
Chapman, 57, is serving a sentence of 20 years to life in prison
Instead of tying a bow, attach an ornament or pin a brooch or faux flower onto ribbon
The U.S.
Apple's iPad tablet isn't just for geeks, yuppies, and rich people
Facebook stopped a phishing attack Thursday, its second day of battling a worm
Review concluded program was built on "factually flawed" legal analysis
Sgt.
Marvin L.
Bergdahl was captured after he finished his guard shift
Former world No.
Michael Enright, 24, pleaded guilty two weeks ago to hate crime charges
Rep.
The violence comes amid peace talks between the government and the FARC
Drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels, officials say
Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock
March 11, 2004, attacks killed 191 people and wounded 1,800
Explosives were left on the Spanish trains in sports bags and backpacks
The best lodges offer gourmet food, personalized service and rustic yet often elegant interiors
Mrs.
U.S.
U.S.
"The X Factor" looks kind of like "American Idol," except with Pepsi cups on the table
Is it legal for an undocumented immigrant to practice law?
Sabbath asked him to play this Saturday's gig for free without any guarantee
"You and I" is Gaga's signature power ballad -- a fan favorite since 2009
Rep.
Pakistani army conducting an intense operation to rout militants along Afghan border
Vahidi is wanted in Argentina for his alleged role in the bombing of a Jewish center
DeJonge knows of only 10 living veterans worldwide who fought during World War I
Gooden arrested after two-vehicle crash about 8:50 a.m.
U.N.
U.S.
"Maybe this will wake up and shake up people," the Rev.
Holders Inter Milan are through to the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup
Ann M.
Soldiers at the base have set up tents, beds and toilets
"Star Wars" creator George Lucas has his own research library on his Skywalker Ranch.
The chief librarian of Basra, Iraq, removed 30,000 books from library before it was destroyed
China is busy designing and implementing a bolder foreign policy
Occupy DC is part of a larger activist movement that began last year in New York
Korean films, soap operas and "K-Pop" music idols have taken Asia by storm
Cultural exports -- including films, comics and computer games -- hit a record $4.2B
Andrea the first storm of the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season
Hoffenheim top of table with flurry of late goals to seal a 5-2 victory at Hanover
Dr.
The report comes nearly two weeks after another plane crash that killed hockey players
Water from Pearl River is used in the cooling systems
The neighbors have fought three wars, two of them over the Himalayan territory of Kashmir
U.S.
In May, Iran tested surface-to-surface missile capable of reaching parts of Europe
He self-produced and recorded three new tracks for this latest album in his bedroom
Spanish court convicts five men of Islamic terrorist activities that included aiding fugitives from Madrid train bombings
They both entered "not guilty" pleas in August to the original 39 counts
U.S.
During his career he beat legendary boxers Roberto Duran and Sugar Ray Leonard
"People think I am a hero, but I am not.
World No.
Spanish police have arrested 750 people after a nationwide investigation into fake businesses
Beastie Boys were already old-school back when they were young-school
Anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed June 12 presidential vote
U.N.
Dr.
Dr.
"Breaking Dawn -- Part 1" is still trailing the past two Twilight movies
"The Muppets" was the runner-up, plunging a sharp 62 percent
Martin Scorsese's "Hugo," a 3-D love letter to silent cinema, slipped 33 percent
World No.
Last year's Stockholm champion Marcos Baghdatis reaches final of Kremlin Cup
World No.
Monsignor William Lynn is accused of allowing dangerous priests to continue in ministry
The West has the highest percentage of users with 94%
U.S.
The postponement comes amid tensions over the arrest of an Indian diplomat in New York
Authorities accused them of forming a terrorist cell that was ready to attack
Britain has lost more than 200 service personnel in the country since start of fighting in 2001
Main concern with hand sanitizers is triclosan, the main antibacterial ingredient
Hong Kong government welcomes young mainlanders with professional skills
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
Some sources face potential embarrassment
"Anchorman 2" dutifully serves up jokes even though we already know the punch lines
Two fires that broke out Monday had not been ruled arson as of Wednesday
Around 1.2 million children are believed to be involved in prostitution in India
Authorities believe 90 percent of human trafficking in India is "intra-country"
Bank of America calls the allegations by former employees "incorrect"
The United States has previously maintained a full arms embargo on Vietnam
Ritz-Carlton recently launched Give Back Getaways at 62 properties
Tabata Protocol is proven to boost endurance in only about 25 minutes or so
Snowden: "A child born today will grow up with no conception of privacy at all."
Buddhist nuns and monks have been carrying out ritual self-immolation
The ramp agent fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold
Tal Afar bombings occurred a day after attacks on mainly Shiite targets in Nineveh
New franchise Sahara Pune Warriors matched that sum with the signing Robin Uthappa
Former detainees and family of a slain Iraqi say at least 20 people were killed and others were abused
Army troops and rebels clashed on Wednesday
Capt.
Dr.
A Tibetan demonstrator who set himself ablaze in protest against Beijing died Wednesday
Susan Sarandon and her daughter Eva Amurri have no shortage of talent or style
Bianca Jagger set more than a few trends, now her daughter Jade does
In China, sports fans and commentators claiming Lin, an American born to Taiwan immigrants
For decades, Chinese basketball has been geared to finding super tall Chinese players
Do you know a hero?
V.
U.S.
Fighting has triggered flight of more than 67,000 Somalis since May 8
Most heading to Afgooye corridor, a 30-kilometer stretch of ramshackle housing
Microsoft's goal is to sell 100 million units at around $299 each in 2013
Israel defends right to prevent flow of weapons into Gaza
ZipRealty completed its initial public offering on November 10, 2004
Deputy U.S.
Trump has threatened to sue the Scottish government if the wind farm is not scrapped
On Monday, a Georgia state trooper was killed after a traffic stop
The family did not release any details about who would deliver the eulogy
Dr.
The missing woman and the suspect arrived on the island July 31 from the United States
Huang Guangyu, once China's richest man, was sentenced Tuesday to 14 years
Huang was charged with stock-market manipulation, insider trading and bribery
Jenny McCarthy is joining ABC's "The View" -- one of the most visible morning TV shows
Paolo Guerrero hit with record fine for throwing a water bottle into the face of a fan
Previous missions have found definitive signs that water once flowed
A hostage with him was released unharmed, prison officials said
In wake of "Paranormal Activity," Freddy's theatrics seem pretty old hat
Gov.
A judge issued a default judgment in Oberst's favor earlier this month
Patrick St.
Mickey Rourke is negotiating to star opposite Gerard Butler in "Motor City"
Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard
Janine Benyus is pioneer and champion of the Biomimicry movement
Benyus believes we can use nature's best ideas to solve human problems
"I stopped going to school when the shelling started.
Reps for OutKast did not immediately respond to Rolling Stone for comment
U.N.
Army Staff Sgt.
Gusts of 60 to 70 mph are forecast in parts of England and Wales
Myunghee Bae said she was able to visit her son three times
Mustafa Tamimi was among dozens of protesters who gathered in West Bank
Dr.
Chief Operating Officer William H.
David Arquette is set to guest star on "Cougar Town's" season 3 finale
Bobby (Brian Van Holt) finds a girlfriend in "Scrubs'" Sarah Chalke
TKM-Ebola has already been given to a number of patients
A deadlier 7.2 quake last month left 604 people dead
U.S.
The U.S.
EC says Intel has been abusing its dominant market position
Ford ultimately sold the plantation at a $20 million loss
MIT's Open Course Ware site gives free access to MIT course content
They are believed to be 60 million to 80 million years old
PEPFAR has invested $3.7 billion in supporting South Africa's HIV/AIDS efforts
The banks included Bank of America, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs
Last month, Standard & Poor's downgraded the credit ratings of 15 banks
Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana
Sky News said airing the appeal would compromise its reputation for fairness
As a result, residents of 32 homes were evacuated
Sgt.
David Beckham has promised he will do everything in his power to help England win the bid to stage the 2018 World Cup
Bean updates her more than 27,000 followers about ups and downs of her life
Steroid test results and notes from ex-trainer among documents unsealed
At least 51 BA flights leaving Heathrow Sunday were listed as canceled
In all, 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal
Ferenci admitted two counts of dangerous driving
Obama has placed 72 women in the federal courts, most ever in a single presidential term
America's Nicky Hayden was third fastest on his Ducati
Sandy has been the year's second most-talked-about topic on Facebook
As of 10 a.m.
The U.N.
The U.N. found more than 100 bodies over 24 hours
"Do I need a makeover?
World No.
Do you know a hero?
Americans charged with kidnapping for trying to take 33 children out of Haiti
St.
About 50 cases came under review after Ranta's conviction was overturned
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had called for the dissolution
Hughes, 47, was unmarried with no children of his own and was marine biologist
The acquisition will expand AT&T's 4G network by 1.2 million square miles
Authorities say Rashad Charjuan Owens drove into people and vehicles
23 people were initially hospitalized, some with multiple internal injuries
$150,000: Amount for which retiring Rep.
Arrests come after five members charged with brutal killing in McDonald's restaurant
Prosecutors say authorities had reason to believe there was a threat of an attack
The child's title will be His Royal Highness Prince (the baby's name) of Cambridge
Turnout is expected to be high among the country's 3 million registered voters
Dodgers officials said they had expected as many as 10,000 applicants
The latest bout of smog in Beijing and Shanghai has led to the cancellation or delay of hundreds of flights
Fifty-two percent of the respondents felt that the country was moving in the right direction
Rowland and 22-year-old Kenyan John Ngugi take the test together
Murrysville, with a population of about 20,000, is a quiet residential enclave
Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of Mexican immigrants
"I come from ... a typical migrant farm working family," Hernandez said
All the action takes place in the third-person point of view
Hand-to-hand weapons can be knives, swords, axes and hammers
Sen.
U.S. efforts to free Bergdahl, including negotiating for his release, have so far failed
St.
Lt.
After months of delays trial of suspect in Mumbai terror attacks finally gets underway
19% have turned off their phone's location-tracking feature due to privacy concerns
Malaysia Airlines says financial assistance has been given to families
Staff Sgt.
"F.A.M.E." (out March 22) shines brighter than anything he produced before
The uncertainty of love is a recurring theme on the album
Rocker Steven Tyler and singer Jennifer Lopez left the show at the end of last season
U.S.
Tony Fernandes, CEO of Air Asia, talks to CNN's Andrew Stevens
She has been charged with two counts of mail fraud
Making an app will cost you, at the very minimum, around $10,000
Consider also producing an embeddable YouTube or Vimeo ad of some sort
Relief agencies are worried about disease and infections
C.J.
New York Rep.
Al-Yemeni is thought to have played key role in December 30 attack on U.S. base
Seven CIA employees and contractors were killed in the attack
Paul Chambers was originally fined Â£385 ($603) for sending a "menacing tweet"
CNN's reporters have been filing harrowing reports on the impact of the war on Syria's children
Jose Mourinho sent off as Italian leaders Inter Milan lose 2-1 at Juventus
Tomorrowland already has 4 million social media followers and over 80 million people watched the after-movie
Democratic Sen.
Radical design is featuring more and more in Japan's residential landscape
For the first time since 1988, the U.S. and France are holding presidential elections in the same year
Millions of people watched the saga on television for nearly two hours
Yet stigma can make pilots fear job loss and thus hide diagnoses and not seek treatment
The FAA could require that pilots seek treatment in order to fly, but some pilots may still simply cover up problems
"I don't think the American people will accept him surviving and us leaving"
Campbell was released from prison in late April after convictions in Oklahoma City
Patz disappeared on his way to a New York school bus stop more than 33 years ago
Schumacher?
Steven Gerrard returned to Liverpool's starting line-up but his side were held to a goalless draw with Wolves on Tuesday.
Liverpool are now three points behind fourth-placed Tottenham Hotspur, who eased to a 2-0 victory over Fulham.
Owen Coyle was given a hostile reception at former club Burnley but came away with a 1-0 win.
The country is set to hold parliamentary elections in September
Nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals
The new world No.
FedEx is thinking about an airfleet of linked-up drones that can fly in formation
Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas are taking a marital break
"I could have turned everything into a crime scene like O.J.," Hogan said
Rep.
Sen.
Judge G.
Rep.
Nik Zoricic died of head injuries from a crash while racing Saturday
Thailand's Thongchai Jaidee leads the field by three shots following a round of seven-under 65.
1,000 people showed up to counter a planned a right-wing demonstration
Makhasi dedicated 18 years of his life to dangerous work underground for Gold Fields
The U.S.
The move comes ahead of this month's G20 summit in Seoul
With price of gold near historic highs, find could be worth as much as $300m
The theme of the weekend conference was: "Honoring the Legacy, Raising the Standard."
Mwanawasa fell ill in late June at African Union summit in Sharm El Sheikh
"I rate this as No.
William J.
U.N.
The former "3rd Rock from the Sun" star is set to host a variety show
U.S.
"The Social Network" is the take of how Zuckerberg started Facebook
U.S.
President blamed Islamist group Al-Shabaab for attack
About one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has HIV
The two sides held meetings in 2011 and 2012
"People are aware of the truth behind the coup," Morsy says
The incident started just before 5 p.m.
Ifill: What is desperately needed in state government is principled leadership
Germans are the top scorers in this year's tournament, netting 13 goals in five games
"Clinton just wants to help," a source close to the former president said
Adobe will soon cease developing its Flash Player plug-in for mobile browsers
Adobe has signaled that the end of the Flash era on the web is coming soon
The reversal comes in the wake of the company cutting 750 jobs on Tuesday
John F.
Oracle says one crewman suffered minor injuries
Texas Gov.
Rep.
Sgt.
He spent nine months in intensive care and underwent more than 100 operations
About 125,000 U.S.
23 million 3-D TVs were shipped in 2011 worldwide, only 3.6 million shipped in U.S
U.S. household penetration for 3-D TVs is at about 3%
Petra Kvitova booked her place in the final of the Dubai Open
World No.8 defeated Caroline Wozniacki 6-3 6-4
Jennifer L.
Each day, tens of thousands of visitors pour through Beijing's Forbidden City to see the 178-acre walled compound
The largest and most famous museum in the world got its start as a palace.
"I gave birth chained.
Almost all the chemicals in Molly and other synthetic drugs come from laboratories in China
Larger screens appeal to people who use phones to watch video and play games
Duvall served two terms as an assemblyman, beginning in 2006
Consumers are urged to contact the bike company to schedule a free repair
Firefighters have begun collecting donations for "The Sandy Ground Project"
26 playgrounds are to be built in communities recovering from the storm
The train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it "China's 9/11"
U.S.
Gov.
Dr.
Many musicians are embracing the idea of giving fans pristine recordings
Estimates say that 1 in 30 Argentines has gone under the knife
New Jersey Gov.
Gov.
Zea is set to be arraigned Friday afternoon
One year after his untimely death, it's clear Michael Jackson's legacy lives on
Williams was last seen alive at his home, where he lives with his wife, about 10 p.m.
"Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning" is available for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC
Substitute Ahmed al-Muhamadi was red-carded after handling on the goalline
Greenpeace, the environmental activist group, claimed responsibility for the stunt
Britain says it has suspended the government of the Turks and Caicos
John Kiriakou is scheduled to appear Tuesday morning for a change of plea hearing
Army this month will field-test two new camouflage patterns in Afghanistan
Army hopes to have decision on new pattern by the end of January 2010
Police tracked his efforts to acquire explosive materials via the Internet
Gov.
To correct naughty dogs caught in the act, separate them immediately
Minnesota's Somali community is benefiting from access to local healthcare
Alwan came to Germany in 1999 seeking asylum
Rather than climb straight up the corporate ladder, think of strategic, lateral moves
U.S.
Two people were killed in each of three states: Oregon, Utah and Colorado
The new 30-second spot will run statewide, and is part of a $9.1 million buy the DSCC.
The recording has since passed and is now in police custody
Sakirin Mosque was commissioned by wealthy Turkish Arab family
He is accused of fueling a bloody civil war in Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone
Taylor has pleaded not guilty to charges that include crimes against humanity
Born in Deep Gap, North Carolina, Watson was blinded from an eye infection as a baby
The opposition accuses Hezbollah fighters from neighboring Lebanon of joining Syrian troops
Tickets go on sale March 13
O'Neal said in statement he was touched after seeing story on HLN's "Nancy Grace"
Sen.
"It speaks volumes to what people will do in a tragic situation"
Gen.
NEW: "It was shocking, humiliating, it was demeaning," she said.
Nearly 500,000 people are estimated to have been displaced this year
U.S.
The trial was scheduled for May 15
Arizona bill would deny citizenship to U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants
Does Apple owe anything to Uncle Sugar?
Staff of the Sun, Times and Sunday Times will move to another east London site
The U.N.
Two U.N.
About 46 million people in the United States lacked health insurance in 2007
The new report is based on a 2007 survey of 3,501 people
COBRA was passed in 1985 to allow laid-off workers to keep health insurance
GOP Rep.
Geronimo was an Apache leader in the late 1800s
A second officer was shot in the hip, but suffered no injuries
U.S.
U.S.
President Harry Truman, Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Soviet leader Joseph Stalin negotiated the partition of post-war Germany at Cecilienhof
Ebadi heads the Center for Defenders of Human Rights in Iran
Rev.
Almost 21 million people have been affected by the floods
The Afghan government's response has been inadequate, the report adds
While the hockey players get regular line changes, officials get a break every 30 minutes
Stone: For women, the costs of workplace inflexibility are up close and personal
The three attacks in Queens were at a bodega, Islamic center and a private house
Obama was vacationing when Islamic militants released the gruesome beheading video
U.S.
U.S.
The plane is made of 53% composite materials helping its fuel efficiency
French president said the gravest crisis Europe has faced since the second world war "is not over"
The president of Europe's third-largest economy urged Italians to make sacrifices
In roughly 30 minutes, Obama waded through hundreds of questions
NEW: The judge has until Sunday evening to decide whether to press formal charges
Maj.
One survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape
Six polio vaccination workers were killed in attacks in Pakistan since Monday
NEW: A total of 95 vehicles were involved in 17 "chain-reaction" crashes
Total SA says energy companies should not drill for crude in Arctic waters
With Google and NORAD, you can track old Saint Nick on Christmas Eve
Log on to Noradsanta.org to view a special Google Map displaying Santa's whereabouts
The bi-national air defense command began tracking Santa in 1955
U.S. has been "messaging" in social media in Arabic, Urdu and Somali for three years
Overtime money routinely given to employees who spent time watching TV
The 20-year-old made his Arsenal debut last season, bursting onto the scene with a Carling Cup hat-trick
He is the 11th first-team player to commit his long-term future to Arsenal since the end of last season.
"Despicable Me 2" easily won the box office race on Wednesday
"The Lone Ranger" stumbled out of the gate
"Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain," pulverized already heightened expectations
E.L.
An estimated 100,000 to 300,000 children are at risk of commercial sex exploitation in the U.S.
Russian club Zenit sign Brazilian striker Hulk and Belgian midfielder Alex Witsel
Fenerbahce have completed the Â£8m signing of Raul Meireles from Chelsea
Shirley takes to the skies in a glider to see this new innovation in action
Tickets go on sale April 8
Trigeminal neuralgia is a facial pain disorder
Some one-third of the country's 90 million people live in poverty
Kody Brown and his fourth wife, Robyn, welcomed their first child
Brown, 43, and Robyn, 33, married during last year's season finale
Supporters and opponents of Morsy clashed near Cairo's Tahrir Square
The clashes come nearly three weeks after Morsy was forced out of office
O'Donnell was attracted to Rounds the moment she saw her in a Starbucks
Lt.
The U.S.
U.S.
At least 1 million Pakistanis have crippling diarrhea or respiratory infections
One of Sin Hwa Dee's factories dedicated exclusively to Yu Sheng products
In 2005, Sin Hwa Dee moved into their own building, CHNG Kee's Foodlink
Rep.
They will will join a multinational naval force already patrolling the area
Police: They had the right of way at a crosswalk
Halloween is one of the deadliest nights of the year for pedestrians
NEW: A Christmas tree now stands where the red 2005 Porsche Carrera GT burned
Speakes was named acting press secretary after James Brady was shot
Two anti-whaling activists handed over to Australian government officials
Saudi officials have maintained publicly that Sultan's health has improved
The Basque separatist group announces a "definitive cessation of its armed activity"
Other argue such protections give bad teachers a free ride at the expense of students
VA's deputy chief procurement director in Washington is also in line to lose her job
Bernard Kerik is accused of failing to report more than $500,000 in income
Indictment also charges that Kerik made false statements to the White House
U.S.
Staying on a working farm doesn't mean you'll be expected to work as a hired hand
Wwoof.org connects travelers with ranches, farms, and vineyards in 98 countries
Emmanuel Adebayor commits himself to Arsenal by signing a new contract
"Mr.
A more stripped-back work than usual for him, the songs look back on his 46 years
Tigris River has plunged to record low levels, Iraqi farmers say
Sevilla defender Sergio Sanchez ruled out for an indefinite period due to a heart problem
Shock news comes two years after Sevilla midfielder Antonio Puerta collapsed and later died
Mandela has not appeared in public since 2010 World Cup
Nobel Peace Prize laureate spent 27 years in prison
Rep.
Rosetta will be the first spacecraft to orbit a comet and to place a lander on the surface
ESA says the mission objective is to help understand the evolution of the solar system
The area was packed with hundreds of thousands of devotees
At least 1,900 Hong Kongers took the streets to call for democracy
Air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane landed
Syria has more allies than Libya is unlikely to face similar U.N.-mandated action
Anaika St.
Some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fighting
Sen.
Horton Plains slender loris only seen four times since 1937
China's premier warns EU investigations into Chinese-made solar panels would backfire
The property has been on the market since last month
In Islamic cultures, a belief in genies, or jinns, is common
World No.
The 25-year-old won three consecutive titles in Dubai between 2009 and 2011
350 people from the Miyakoji district of Tamura city will be allowed to head home
World No.
American priest believed to have molested up to 200 boys
Haleigh went missing from father's home in Satsuma, Florida, on February 9
CNN investigating what appears to be a widespread black market in human organs
Scientist: 90% of air freight from Asia to Europe and North America flies over Alaska air space
Five suspects ranging in age from 16 to 30 have been charged
Bryan founded Vision Entertainment Group Inc. with his friend Adam Targum in 2009
Gov.
"Look!
U.N.
There's a certain Opryland jam-session charm to it all, but "Blunderbuss" lacks the electric jolt
Piper Comanche 260 carrying a married couple landed on U.S.
Users in China are reporting that access to LinkedIn has been blocked
Two soldiers were killed in a suicide bombing during a patrol in Gereshk
The modern version of the one-piece dates back to 1980s, historian says
It is the second time the U.S. failed to qualify for the Olympics since 1976
Northern California and southern Oregon have been trying to merge since 1852
Ernest D.
Democratic Sen.
Staff Sgt.
Attorney General Beau Biden, son of Vice President Joe Biden, has not commented
Turning into a zombie meant getting his turn in the "more bloody and gross" makeup trailer
Dr.
A U.S.
In 2007, Americans spent $287 billion on drugs, five times as much as in 1993
Southern China is suffering from its worst outbreak of dengue fever in two decades
Judge Edward McLaughlin set bail at $200,000 bond or $40,000 cash
They reportedly were headed for northern Lebanese cities of Byblos and Tripoli
Ulysses S.
Warren took the last three photographs of Lincoln on March 6, 1865
Propofol is administered intravenously in operating rooms as a powerful anesthetic
Rwanda is now considered one of Africa's most stable nations
Blippy's security system has been breached in a very public and unfortunate way
Romney's evolving positions on conservative issues have been viewed with skepticism
Mayer: "I always did something I was a little not ready to do.
NEW: TJ Jackson has been close to the children much of their lives
The U.S.
After dominating the film-festival circuit, "Black Swan" is coming to theaters December 3
He wants a "bubble of safety" around his children, with cameras at least 100 feet away
Rep.
U.N.
"It's like Christmas!"
A good score in the gaokao will open the doors to the country's most prestigious universities
Catamaran Resort Hotel throws a Friday-night luau by Mission Bay
Gosling is in the issue that hits newsstand Friday, along with 123 other hot guys.
Chrisette Michele's album "Epiphany" debuted at No.
Board "concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr.
Army Maj.
In December, Lou Nuer killed hundreds of Murle in a series of attacks
Justice Department has invoked "state secrets privilege" in private dispute
Russian site allegedly shows State Department employee having sex with prostitute
"I have lived this life," he says.
The PC game lets players face a computer-controlled opponent or a human challenger
Russell Defreitas allegedly asked his fellow prisoners to help him carry out several murders
Spain commemorates victims of the March 11, 2004 Madrid train bombings
A Spanish court last October convicted 21 people in connection with attacks
"The lady made a point.
"I always like to think of myself as a cartoon, and now I'm a Sim," Perry says
Perry will help design Sims game accessories, clothing, hairstyles, furniture and props
J.K.
Croatia beat Euro 2008 co-hosts Austria 1-0 in opening Group B match
It followed months of criticism by rights groups and media reports
The changes have been met with a lukewarm response from critics
Army says data guarded by layers of security and encryption
Italy has long been at forefront of Europe's battle to stem flow of illegal immigrants
The Afghan Central Bank estimates at least $6 billion a year is needed
Jayelin Graham was bitten multiple times in the head, neck and torso
Turner faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine
Top seed Caroline Wozniacki eased into the second round of the U.S.
Maria Sharapova fought back from one set down to defeat Australia's Jarmila Groth in three sets
Serbia's Jelena Jankovic recovered from match point down to beat world number 96 Simona Halep
Under Mongolian law, dinosaur fossils are property of the Mongolian government
A nuclear test would also fit North Korea's pattern of serial provocations, analysts said
Saverin's spokesman denies the move was done for tax reasons
Methylmercury, found in fish and shellfish, can harm a child's thinking, language
The men accuse the NFL of using a "hand-picked committee of physicians"
Retired Army Col.
Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei lost final appeal against tax evasion charges
Obama arrived in Europe last week for a series of summits
Farmers' markets have become more than a regular shopping opportunity for locals
U.S.
ICE keeps doctors' numbers, medical conditions and insurance information
Gov.
U.S.
Gov.
Janet Jackson reportedly tried to stage an intervention for her brother Michael
In most states treatment for addiction cannot be forced by family members or friends
Real Madrid defender Christoph Metzelder fully expects to be leaving the Spanish giants next summer
Metzelder, whose contract is up at the end of the season, has played just one match all season
The boy said Melanie Billings "got shot in her shirt"
Seven males are charged with first-degree murder and home invasion robbery
Sustainable forestry aims to prevent depletion of forests
Largest outbreak was in Mexico which had 156 confirmed cases
"We will work it through together," British Foreign Secretary David Miliband says
As of Thursday night, at least 829,863 votes were yet to be counted
Proposition 29 was the subject of a fierce advertising campaign
Bayern Munich will play Chelsea in the Champions League final
"Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows," rose 9 percent for $22.1 million
"Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked," jumped an incredible 45 percent for $18.3 million
Discovery has been offered to the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum
The privilege of showing off a shuttle won't be cheap -- about $42 million
Dell will introduce a GPS and Wi-Fi card that can be added to its netbooks
"Monsters vs.
Air Seychelles recorded a loss of $12.5 million in 2010/11
As many as one in three American adults suffer from chronic pain
Chronic pain continues a month or more beyond usual recovery period
T.I.
The U.S.-led war in Afghanistan began October 7, 2001, with an air campaign
Police confirm six officers and a driver of a van carrying umpires were killed
Vanessa Bryant filed for divorce in December
U.S.
Peggye McNair, 72, the owner of the farm, was one of the victims
The incident occurred at Camel Kisses Farm in Wichita Falls
Previously, U.S.
Sen.
U.N.
Muslim men, women and children forced into homes that were then set on fire
The piracy cases are the first to be prosecuted in the Seychelles
All of us have the opportunity to join the struggle today
Paul and Rachel Chandler were seized from their yacht last year
Police say Robert Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest
England spent more than any other country on transfers -- $913 million
Brazil once again had the most number of transfers -- 1,402
Fresh hop cones provide a more grassy and juicy aroma and flavor to beer
U.S.
Alice L.
There's enough episodes in the pipeline to keep "Cleveland" on the air for a fourth season next year
An international arrest warrant was issued Saturday for the legal adviser
Gadhafi last reported seen June 12, two weeks before ICC issued warrant for his arrest.
Drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels, officials say
Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock
Rare and vintage handbags will go under the hammer in Hong Kong on Monday
Hong Kong is the world's third largest auction center after London and New York.
P.G.
To keep the cattle happy -- and ensure the beef tastes good -- they feed the herd with seaweed and Omega three
"Chicken without sexual life" has been transformed into "Steamed pullet"
It's too early to tell whether he will be able to fly
The Australian High Court denied Apple's appeal to an earlier court decision
Samsung says Galaxy Tab will be ready for sale in Australia in time for the Christmas
Apple claims that Samsung's newer Galaxy Tab 10.1 copies the iPad
U.S.
What makes "Born This Way" so disarmingly great is how warm and humane Gaga sounds
The album thumps like the soundtrack to a lost "Eddie and the Cruisers" sequel
The more excessive Gaga gets, the more honest she sounds
Patrick M.
Three ads will run for six weeks in more than 1,000 member newspapers, digitally and in print
World Health Organization considers increasing pandemic alert level to phase 6
Onyango Okech Obama is an uncle of President Barack Obama
If no higher court grants an appeal, the recordings will be released on December 4
Finding the Higgs boson would help explain the origin of mass
Dr.
Nie told a lawyer hired by his family that he was beaten into a confession on his sixth day in jail
In 2011, phone losses around the world spiked on Christmas and New Year's Eve
"World War Z" overcame production complications to become a blockbuster
Sen.
Ferries in the region often carry passengers not included in the manifest
Seth Rogen shows us someone who is actively trying to grow up
"50/50" generally avoids the terminal whimsy that swamps "Restless"
Based in Bilbao, Iberdrola is also the world's largest producer of wind energy
Spain -- where Iberdrola is headquartered -- is the eurozone's fourth-largest economy
Park told relatives he was trying to sneak in to bring message of "Christ's love and forgiveness"
U.S.
The two have a bitter political history dating to 1992
Wei Tingting, Wang Man, Zheng Churan, Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong freed
They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted
China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth
El Chapo is considered the most wanted man in Mexico.
American Bill Haas claimed a one-shot victory in the Bob Hope Classic on the final hole to join his father as a winner of the tournament.
Tim Clark, Matt Kuchar and Bubba Watson all finished tied for second place on 29 under.
Israeli archeologists announced the discovery of a huge cache of religious objects about 3,500 years old
87,000 U.S.
"Watchmen" premiered in more theaters than any other R-rated movie in history
Tyler Perry's "Madea Goes to Jail" (No.
Jorge Lorenzo keeps MotoGP title race alive with victory at Indianapolis
U.S.
U.S.
U.S.
In 2005, Turkey launched membership negotiations to join European Union
The helicopter went down late Friday
Democratic Sen.
Cologne move off bottom of table with first victory, winning 2-0 at Stuttgart
18-year-old Tibetan monk set himself on fire in a monastery Tuesday
Adam Dandach of Orange County told agents he wanted to join ISIS
Rickie Fowler, Zach Johnson and Stewart Cink also included in the 12-strong team
Guinness success story highlights potential for foreign investment in Africa
He was taken to the hospital Thursday, though no details of his ailment were released
Expert: "There are so many bones here you don't see them as human remains, you just see them as decorations."
Casey: I reintroduced bipartisan legislation to help prevent bullying and harassment
With the rise of mobile phones over the past decade, pay phones have been disappearing
But thanks to some new initiatives, pay phones may not fade from the landscape
The Midlands are a convenient base to visit famous battlefields around the towns of Ladysmith and Dundee
Unlike Wahlberg, Timberlake has never tried to distance himself from his teenybopper days
He's the cool nerd, the guy who makes cool seem attainable
On call, man can be heard saying, "I'm losing it"
Would the U.S.
She married Robert F.
U.S.
Sen.
France striker Thierry Henry will not be punished for his handball in November's World Cup play-off against Ireland
FIFA''s disciplinary committee concluded there was "no legal foundation" for them to deal with the case
It replaces the shadowed letters and red backdrop of Netflix's iconic logo
Dr.
Since 2006, there have been seven attacks aimed at researcher's homes or cars
CNN established itself as a vital missing link, helping worried relatives reach their loved ones
Forty body scanners are currently in use at 19 U.S.
Nearly 40,000 Yazidis are trapped on the top of Mount Sinjar
iReport: Show us your commute
Zakaria: America's financial system needs new, different and better regulations
Yingluck Shinawatra has to be proclaimed by the nation's king
If King Bhumibol Adulyadej proclaims her, she will be the 28th prime minister in Thai history
Yingluck is the younger sister of one of Thailand's most polarizing political figures
Sen.
But the trigger for the rapid spread of events was the prime minister's inability to listen to critique and disagreement
One might wonder why a government that enjoys popular support is unable to tolerate a few protests
Adm.
Sunday's national elections were held two years before originally scheduled
Ebola has killed nearly 5,000 people mostly in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea
China has the most active ballistic and cruise missile program in the world
Born in Deep Gap, North Carolina, Watson was blinded from an eye infection as a baby
The panel set another hearing for Atkins in three years
"Dr.
Former Tony Blair spokesman Alastair Campbell is due to testify later this week
The guests were arrested on suspicion of illegally importing animals
U.S.
Chinese seek to invest in French vineyards for the reputation
"Che" stars Oscar winner Benicio Del Toro in the title role
"Che" will have a limited opening in the United States on Friday
"I was Ahab and the white whale.
Giggs is the most decorated player in English football history
All three have been booted from their Boy Scout leadership roles
Mercedes-Benz will head up their own Formula One team from next season
U.S.
Sven-Goran Eriksson is appointed coach of the Ivory Coast national team
This is the first group of soldiers whose redeployment will not be replaced
It's possible in some states to take the DMV-authorized "driving school" online
Avoid the moving violation conviction -- even if it means paying a larger fine
Royal is the winningest coach at Texas, one of college football's biggest programs
Roger J.
Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months
Williams is daughter of Hank Jr., granddaughter of Hank Sr.
Escaped detainees provided testimony
Eikenberry retired from the Army after nearly 40 years of service
He advised U.S.
April 9 elections will determine the makeup of Indonesia's 550-seat parliament
New Jersey Gov.
The U.S.
The U.S.
Two robbers entered the Cartier jewelry store near the Champs Elysees in Paris
Maj.
Miller and his crew were flying over southern Laos when a missile struck their plane
Miller will be buried with full military honors at the Dallas-Ft.
Prince George will be christened on October 23 at the Chapel Royal, St.
2005 Prius was part of recall to address the risk of accelerator entrapment in floor mat
One music fan in the UK wants him out of the Glastonbury Festival
The U.S.
20 minutes of knitting can lower your heart rate and blood pressure
Almost 30 Josephs and Marys have signed up for the free night's stay
Spain's small businesses are being warned they must "export or die"
Four years later, 67 percent of Hispanic voters went for Obama
Sen.
United, who have just claimed their 20th Premier League title, reported a 52.2% increase in sponsorship revenue
She blames pressures placed upon Herridge by "certain people in his life"
AEG's lawyer calls the suit "clearly frivolous" since Williams has no legal standing to sue
The Brazilian was dropped from the squad that lost to Villarreal on Saturday
Savana Redding was 13 when administrators suspected she was carrying drugs
Ashley "A.J."
The justices in January accepted the Safford school district case for review
The court could now be asked to clarify the extent of student rights involving searches
Fox plans to air six one-hour episodes this summer, debuting the show on June 7
Namir Noor-Eldeen also died in July 2007 air strike in Baghdad
Kaesong Industrial Complex is seen as a key symbol of inter-Korean cooperation
Simpson's former sports agent, Mike Gilbert, has possession of the suit
O.J.
Jay-Z will launch his new YouTube channel Saturday
During study 7.2% of men and 5.7% of women developed mild cognitive impairment
Men appear to have higher rates of MCI but lower rates of dementia
"It's not hard to find evidence that Iran has a nuclear weapons program," Netanyahu says
Total economic losses could reach 42.12 billion yuan ($6.17 billion)
Gary David Goldberg, who created "Family Ties" and "Spin City," has died
Obama's address will be the 220th State of the Union/"annual message"
Police found Todd Harrell "slumped over the steering wheel" at an intersection
His doctor ordered the famed tenor to rest for three or four weeks
South Africa has named Caster Semenya in their squad for the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Cpl.
U.S.
Michael Fassbender was edged out by first-time nominee Gary Oldman
Togo's national soccer team officially disqualified from the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations
Floyd Mayweather Jr claims he will knock out WBO welterweight world champion Manny Pacquiao
Prosecutors have not said whether they will pursue the death penalty
Jay Carney, White House press secretary, says President Barack Obama has been briefed
Croatia's 1,390-square-mile northern peninsula is known for its freshly caught seafood
Restaurant access alone defines summer dining to many New Yorkers
U.S.
Prensky defines digital natives as those born into "new culture" while the immigrants are old-world settlers
Richardson will not pardon the legendary outlaw Billy the Kid
There is no word on when Simpson and Johnson will get married
U.N.
The NBA has also filed an unfair labor charge with the National Labor Relations Board
The NBA began a lockout of its players in early July
If convicted Pichushkin would be Russia's most deadly serial killer since 1992
Sex therapist Dr.
Sacramento police have nabbed nearly 70 underage girls since 2005
North and South Korea have been asked to form a doubles partnership
China suffered a spate of knife and cleaver attacks targeting school children in 2010
Illinois Gov.
Ulster Volunteer Force and Red Hand Commando made the announcement
As many as 36 elephants have been killed by trains in the area since 2004
India has a wild population of some 25,000 Asiatic elephants but their habitat is under threat
Midfielder will continue playing football -- but not in English Premier League
U.S.
More than 30,000 people fled their homes last week ahead of an expected eruption
Nearly 27 million people watched streaming video on CNN.com Live
The one-of-a-kind silk chiffon confection was embellished with organza rosettes
Carrie Prejean was stripped of Miss California USA title earlier this year
Officials at Panamanian embassy in Washington did not return request for comment
Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have long battled government forces
The region has seen a spike in suspected insurgent attacks recently
Previous cases against U.S. troops have triggered protests by Okinawans
Boys And Girls Alone has been compared to adult reality show Big Brother
Sen.
Sen.
Fighter jets and other combat aircraft used Taiwan's main highway as a makeshift airstrip
U.S.
Putin under intense pressure to back plans to sideline Syrian President Bashar al-Assad
The girl was last seen riding her bicycle with her brother
The two airports are about seven miles apart and serve the same area
Summit named in honor of former Arkansas State Conference of the NAACP
"The View" has been in flux for the past year
Fromme was convicted in 1975 of pointing a gun at then-President Ford
MotoGP already has two rounds in America, at Laguna Seca and the Indianapolis
Rev.
The United States ranks 19th, down two spots from 2010
Gibbons was not convicted of two other charges brought against her
Obama made it clear that he's not willing to budge on some big ticket items
Iraq has seen a sharp increase in tension between its Shiite and Sunni populations
Hugo is played with jolting melodramatic pathos by Asa Butterfield
"Hugo" both ticks and flies by, a marvel meant to be pulled from the cabinet
In 1985 Australian Rugby Football Union incorporated as a company
The most expensive incense wood sells for $2500 per kilogram
Psy became the first South Korean artist to hit number one on the UK music charts
Fowle is one of three Americans detained in North Korea
Charles's first visit to Vatican since he attended funeral of Pope John Paul II
American teenagers rank below average -- while Chinese kids are the best
Easter lilies, stargazers and Oriental varieties can cause severe kidney failure and death
Hundreds of defectors learn how to live in a free and prosperous nation
Daily lessons teach the basics of life in South Korea
U.N.
U.N.
Smart strips save money on your monthly power bill by killing standby power
"You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund.
A court ordered him released in August and placed under house arrest
Much of shrimp processed in Thailand is destined for the United States
U.S.
MME travels along the new Silk Road and looks at the economies of the Middle East
The Gulf plays an integral part in the new Silk Road
Meanwhile, Hernandez has been moved to a more restrictive jail unit after a fight
The total number of super-rich -- defined as those with $30 million or more in assets -- grew by almost 5% in 2012
The case was featured on "America's Most Wanted" in July 2000
Colorado is one of 14 states where medical marijuana is legal by state law
President Obama's proposed budget includes $6 billion for cancer research
Already there are cancers that respond well to drugs for several years
"Grimm" centers around detective who finds out he's a descendent of the Grimms
U.N.
Rose Kabuye arrested Saturday at Frankfurt airport while on private visit
Are you in Ike's path?
President Barack Obama will visit the area on April 22, the one-month anniversary
If people value their privacy, they'll invest in services that encrypt their data
Sony helped in the final quarter by a currency market that knocked almost 20 per cent off the yen's
Sony has for some time relied on profits from its banking and insurance operations in Japan
The company has struggled to compete against South Korean and Taiwanese producers
United States imports billions of dollars in Chinese products each year
Justin Bieber gets booed
Official: Thai soldiers crossed into area of 11th century Preah Vihear temple
Resident: "There were things in there that the gossip line didn't know about!"
Elizabeth Cross for next of kin of armed forces personnel killed on operations
Most prestigious medal, Victoria Cross, introduced by Queen Victoria in 1856
The U.S.
Arrest warrants were also issued against several suspects in Tuscany
CNN reported patients died as a result of delayed or denied care
Committee says VA continues to stonewall and withhold information
Palestinians believe construction here would essentially cut the West Bank in half
Identification is pending for several other sets of remains
Confirmation of the driver's death brought Megi's death toll to 14 in Taiwan
Cpl.
Indiana Gov.
Google India has brokered a groundbreaking two-year deal with Global Cricket Ventures
Burglary suspect is still hospitalized for treatment of injuries inflicted by LL Cool J
Gov.
Laying siege to Government House would be a symbolic victory
No.
No.
World No.
The woman met John Hopkins on Craigslist
Whether the object in the photo is human remains is up for debate
Hickox recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients
A state funeral will be held December 15
"Warm Bodies" opened with a bit less than the 2009 comedy "Zombieland"
Rep.
New York Gov.
Four residents and two police officers were killed, and 20 others injured
They're charged with possession of drugs with intent to sell
United Nations said it was made aware of the attacks in December
The scandal centers on losses of 730 million euros ($975 million) from financial products
McDonnell said local party officials were "all up to their necks in Monte dei Paschi"
Mussari was chairman of Monte dei Paschi from 2006 before stepping down last year
Cepheus has already played millions of hands of hold 'em poker
An earthquake with a magnitude of 8.9 hit Japan today
Sen.
U.S.
Dutch investigators said a faulty altimeter contributed to Netherlands crash
Aid agencies say about 200,000 people evacuated from low-lying areas
U.S.
The U.S.
Taylor Hawkins will portray Iggy Pop in the forthcoming film "CBGB"
It's unclear how substantial the role will be
Typhoon Melor roars into central Japan leaving two people dead
Actor and Iraq war veteran J.R.
Ford ultimately sold the plantation at a $20 million loss
Attack set off chain of events that embroiled all of the world's major powers
Air Force Lt.
Sharapova had not played since crashing out in the second round at Wimbledon
Ryanair has not announced a date to implement the plan
Ivan Cameron, six, passed away early Wednesday, Conservative Party says
The clashes are an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful anti-government protests
U.S.
"To The Lost," nabbed an Emmy nomination for director Tim Van Patten
"Three Paths to Peace" was first performed by the World Orchestra for Peace
The South American champions will face Barcelona or Al Sadd in Sunday's final
"A day ago this looked like a typical hotel lobby.
The film played to a much broader audience than most sci-fi films
Affleck and Timberlake faltered in third place with Runner Runner
Mann's company published Katherine Jackson's book "Never Can Say Goodbye"
The U.S.
The rocket had veered off path, causing an emergency system to cut off propulsion
U.S.
Military officials say an explosion tore a hole in the rear of the ship; cause of the blast not known
Croatia -- a small country of 4.3 million people -- is also battling against chronic unemployment
One major obstacle to foreign investment is Croatia's problems with endemic corruption
Livestock producers suffering through one of the most severe droughts in decades
House committee votes to cite Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt
Foundation contributes to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation as well as several children's hospitals
New Zealand reach 258-5 on rain-hit opening day of one-off Test against Bangladesh
In 1982, Pendergrass was involved in a car accident that left him paralyzed
Victims of tainted baby formula to be compensated by 22 Chinese dairy firms
The U.N.
Google and other companies bypassed privacy protections to track users
It's not clear what will become of the original venue when the current team are gone
U.S.
The No.
Egyptians go to the ballot boxes Monday to vote for their fourth president in as many years.
H.A.
Foxconn has denied allegations that it forced students to work on its assembly lines
He was instrumental in bringing soccer's World Cup to South Africa
In a dissent, Justice Samuel Alito said the majority produced "truly strange results"
7-2 majority says the state's voter-approved Proposition 200 interfered with federal law
The state called the provision a "sensible precaution" to prevent voter fraud
Debbie Bosanek, Buffett's longtime secretary, has never publicly questioned the title
If you are a Pig, Goat (Sheep), Tiger or Snake, it's best to fast forward to 2014
Officers arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens on board the vessel
L.A.
U.S.
10 of the nation's 27 provinces voted in the referendum
First time the virus has been found in a U.S.
Production on the "Point Break" remake is set to begin in late 2013
Morgan Harrington, a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student, disappeared in October 2009
Sen.
Welch's animal-skin bikini may be film's most famous bathing suit that never got wet
There's a particularly bum message about the lives of blue-collar women in the subplot
U.S.
A principal who went to his brother's funeral in Africa is now on vacation
Souter will leave after the current court term recesses in June, source says
Souter's replacement would be President Obama's first Supreme Court appointment
Souter, 69, was tapped by President George H.W.
Souter's departure will leave the two oldest justices still on the bench
U.S.
U.S.
Movie producer Michael Todd proposed to Elizabeth Taylor with a 30-carat diamond
Jay-Z proposed to Beyonce with an 18-carat diamond ring; the couple married in 2008
ick Cannon proposed to pop diva Mariah Carey with a 17-carat emerald-cut pink diamond
U.S.
David Kwiatkowski worked in 13 hospitals between January 2007 and July 2012
Contractors fill in gaps in almost every field -- from nurses to physicians to med techs
Warren looked to translate traditional evangelical messages for a wider audience
Sumiati binti Mustapa Salan went to work in Saudi Arabia four months ago
Justin Bieber was arrested for racing under the influence of drugs, alcohol
U.N. nuclear watchdog will no longer have access to the plant
Josiah Allen says his dog, Paco, didn't make it home when he flew recently
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against PM John Key after a waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail
He spoke at the end of a three-day trip focused on denuclearization
Strauss-Kahn proclaimed innocence in his resignation letter to the IMF Executive Board
Dr.
Elmadhy: I am a believer of every word I say and I am willing to live in danger under the many threats I receive
The U.N.
McCain was the presidential nominating speaker in 1996 for Sen.
2008 marks the fourth time the parties have held back-to-back conventions
No Republican since Nixon has carried Minnesota in a presidential general election
"The Avengers" is apparently setting up a "Captain America" sequel
Arsenal midfielder Tomas Rosicky has signed a new contract at the Emirates Stadium
The conservatorship is in effect until June 20, when a hearing is scheduled
But naming a thoroughbred is also fine art subject to strict international rules
The Rev.
Do you know a hero?
MEND is one of several militant groups battling the government
B.B. is short for Blues Boy, part of the name he used as a Memphis disc jockey
U.N.
Dr.
Dr.
It happened in the Adams Morgan neighborhood of the nation's capital
U.S.
Robertson's acting career began after a movie scout saw his photo
He was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer last week while being treated for pneumonia
Rep.
The Grand Prix of the Americas, the second race of the season, takes place Sunday
Katainen said the crisis is serving as a "very hard lesson" to many eurozone countries
A banking union regulated by the European Central Bank that will become active in 2014
Judy Viger, 33, is charged with five counts of endangering the welfare of a child
636 F/A-18 A through D model Hornets being inspected for stress crack
Inspectors started looking at planes Thursday and have found 15 with problem
Navy officials said there are no immediate plans to ground the planes
Global food prices rose 29% last year due to weather shocks such as the Russian drought
Saudi King Abdullah appoints a woman to council of ministers for first time
Chuck Lorre's latest vanity card slams an actor
44-year-old firefighter died while heading toward a fire in Teruel province
Spain is plagued by forest and brush fires every summer
Workers are scouring the area with the help of helicopters, fishing boats and jet skis
Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries
U.S.
Catholic activists gathered in front of a Manhattan cathedral Tuesday
Last week, crowds gathered in Cincinnati in a similar protest
If true, Microsoft would be joining Apple, Samsung, Google, and others
U.S.
Nearly one in six residents, or 46.9 million people, are Hispanic
The most Latino county in the nation was Los Angeles, with 4.7 million people
O.J.
In past six months, Border Patrol has seized about 500,000 pounds of drugs
U.S.
Ithaa Undersea Restaurant claims to be the world's first all-glass underwater restaurant
Staff Sgt.
A new video of Asiana plane crash shows firefighters spotting girl on ground
China has around two million people policing public opinion online
Valle's lawyers argued his e-mails and online postings were just "fantasy role-play"
The election is set for January 22, moved up from October 2013
Last week, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called for the early election
The page appears to be adding thousands of likes by the minute
The page itself appears to have been setup well prior to tonight
Nurudeen pretended to be a British engineer working in Nigeria
"Israel lives on the top of a volcano and the international clock is ticking," she says
U.S.
Skinner's attorneys say DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence
Caster Semenya gets the all-clear to compete again as a woman
The idea of the U.S.
Iceland hung on for a 0-0 draw against Croatia despite being reduced to 10 men
The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60
Sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneration
Cousteau is also chief ocean correspondent at Discovery's Animal Planet
Seventy people, including 62 men and eight women, were rescued, ANSA reports
J.
"We created a new cell.
Michigan murder conviction had been overturned because the dying words were used
U.S.
U.S.
Staff Sgt.
Taylor has neuroblastoma, a cancer that affects the nervous system
Aerosmith have moved the release date for their album back from August to November
Redbox made it possible for legions of supermarket shoppers to pick up a movie on the cheap
At $8 a month, Hulu Plus offers instant streaming access to a wealth of TV shows
A CNN analysis of secret cables published by WikiLeaks reveals U.S.
Gov.
The country's first deep-fried cheeseburger is making its debut this weekend
Critics have argued that the data collection violates privacy rights
Flights already in the air were not affected by the breakdown
"It's a powerful projection of Martin Luther King's personality and achievements"
Giyen Kim, 34, has lost 10 pounds since January 1
K.J.
Army Air Forces 2nd Lt.
The court denied prosecutors an emergency petition to have Terrance Williams, 46, put to death
His attorneys have argued that the jurors were told that it was strictly a robbery-homicide case
Wade Rowland Sanders admitted to having 600 images of minors on his computer
South Korea will play Uruguay
Ark has failed to provide Black with the master recordings of her song and video
The OPCW now has the task of overseeing the destruction of Syria's chemical weapons
Forecasters predict up to 8 inches of snow across a swath of the Southeast
"She had no idea who I was," Girardi says in radio interview
Dr.
STDs cost the U.S. health care system as much as $15.3 billion annually
Sen.
Muslim Brotherhood has been part of the political scene in Egypt for more than 80 years
It advocates a move away from secularism and a return to the rules of the Quran
The Brotherhood is the oldest and largest opposition group in Egypt
Its offshoots outside Egypt are markedly more conservative in their views
World No.
The video shows West kneeling to ask Kardashian to marry him
Obama says he picked Ghana partly because of the "democratic commitments"
She seeks $70,000 for tuition and $2,000 to compensate for stress
The World Food Programme announces it is sending emergency food aid
"Battleship" is a rousing, engaging, and emotionally complex action war picture
He starred in "The Sixth Sense" and "Born Free" in the 1970s
Since 2003, the World Health Organization has confirmed 404 human cases
Egypt agreed to allow two Iranian warships to cross through the Suez Canal
English football star Steven Gerrard has admitted punching a man in a bar
"The Avengers" passed "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows â€” Part 2" to become the third biggest movie ever globally.
No oil or sheen has been found in the area since August
The bank is located in Lima's textile and garment district
Lebanon accused him of being an operative in an al Qaeda-inspired group
Army this month will field-test two new camouflage patterns in Afghanistan
Army hopes to have decision on new pattern by the end of January 2010
Dee became known to a younger generation with roles in two Spike Lee films
U.S.
"Is crying becoming a 'thing' for Republicans?"
LGBT group threw a party that included go-go dancers and a velvet rope
The Twitter account @ClintsChair has more than 2,000 followers
Several photos of a man wearing a hat made of a beer case earned salutes
Staff Sgt.
"The big funders love it.
"What the Chicago teachers have done is say enough is enough," he adds
Do you know a hero?
In Germany, Bayern Munich stretch their unbeaten league run to 43 matches
David Nalbandian disqualified in Queen's Club final
Alaska Gov.
Bulger is accused of 19 killings during a 20-year "reign of terror"
Haq is known as one of the spiritual leaders of the Taliban movement
U.S.
The Japanese government issued a ban on flying with Korean air
"Batman has lost another father," Batman movie producer Michael Uslan says
"I wanted a very strong villain, because I thought that's going to carry the story," Robinson said
Crowdsource.
Aboud Rogo Mohammed was accused of supporting Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia
O.J.
The U.S.
Obama failed to get any of his 2013 State of the Union priorities through Congress
Beamon was inducted into the U.S.
Tiburon is low-slung sportster that won't bust first-time buyer's wallet
Pontiac G5 GT boasts highly sprung motoring
Maria Sharapova claims the Toray Pan Pacific Open title in Tokyo
The Urbi et Orbi address is customarily political and global, as its name indicates
It is Latin and means "to the city (of Rome) and to the world"
Manor GP are to be rebranded Virgin Racing ahead of their Formula One debut next season
The global manufacturing sector is in the worst shape since summer 2009
Kunkun was expelled from school and ostracized by the community
Rep.
Russian officials say terrorist explosion is most likely cause of derailment of express train
A U.N.
I'll stay here in the Brazilian embassy as long as it takes," he says
Ndume reckons that she and her team have so far restored the sight of more than 20,000 people
A former U.S. intelligence official identified the man earlier this week as Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi
David Bowie will release another album featuring new material, producer Tony Visconti reveals
Visconti played down any suggestion that Bowie might tour the new material
Louisiana Gov.
Avlon: Confronting the impulse to pander to social conservative populists is necessary
The episode that airs tonight should be a doozy of an hour that will delve into drama
Sgt.
Barrick Gold Corp.
When meat is cooked at high temperatures over an open flame, a reaction occurs
Police say Jutting called them to the apartment early on November 1
Cesc Fabregas to move from Arsenal to Barcelona, clubs confirm
The new strategy focuses on dealing with social and economic issues that fuel the drug trade
Former world boxing champion Ricky Hatton has his boxing license revoked
April 5 blast was worst U.S.
U.S.
U.S.
No formal public events will be held until five days after Mandela's death
Louisiana Sen.
"I take full responsibility.
1.55 million students affected, 850,000 of them in elementary school
U.S.
NATO's mission in Afghanistan is a litmus test for the future of NATO, say some experts
Protester: "If there is not an indictment, excuse my French, all hell is going to break loose."
Samsung says it will put VoIP calling service Skype as application on its televisions
We're almost certain there will be a front-facing camera for FaceTime
The 30-pin dock connector is one of the worst things Apple has made
There were no immediate reports of any U.S.
Sara Gilbert is engaged to rock musician Linda Perry
Perry is the former lead singer of 4 Non-Blondes
In 2011, Gilbert, 38, addressed her split from TV producer Allison Adler on "The Talk"
The attack happened April 16
The lawmakers were on their way to a national conference on security
Aubrey "Lee" Price is suspected of defrauding more than 100 investors of at least $17 million
Dr.
Zumba is a Latin-inspired dance fitness class with an intense calorie burn
The Japan Meteorological Agency said no tsunami alert has been issued
The Blacklist is NBC's most-watched new drama eight weeks into its run
#CrimingWhileWhite became Twitter's highest trending topic
Hinkley became famous from the Oscar winning film "Erin Brockovich" starring Julia Roberts
Andrew Jenks is a 24-year-old documentary filmmaker
George W.
Paul McCartney refuted media accounts about the fate of the Beatles song catalog
John Freshwater was reprimanded for refusing to move his Bible from his desk
Claims by Diana's butler that he knew "secret" about her trashed by coroner
But coroner said the revelation is "fairly and squarely in the public domain"
In the ad, Alonso translates, and oftentimes reinterprets, Donnelly's views
Tuesday's deadly suicide attack didn't fit pattern of what had come before
Interior ministry points its finger at Taliban, despite an effusive denial
Bartoli won eight WTA titles during a 13-year professional career
Touch sensitivity is very responsive, and the swipe controls work great
Deaths caused by large constrictor snakes like pythons are fairly rare
Next month, Croatia, one to emerge from Yugoslavia in the 1990s, will become the 28 member of the EU
Investigators linked his DNA to ties used to bind St.
At issue is a classic tug of war between the executive and legislative branches
Schalke are hot on the heels of Bayern after they cruised to a 4-1 win at Eintracht Frankfurt
Their deaths bring to 2,328 the number of Americans who have died in the Afghan war
White House press secretary Josh Earnest appears on CNN's "Reliable Sources"
Morales said coca in its raw state is not an addictive drug
In the past decade, heat has been the second-leading cause for weather-related deaths
WHO has not seen big mutations in the virus since it first emerged
World Economic Forum is strictly by invitation only, with 2,600 participants
Bush nominated Lt.
By law women are excluded from combat jobs, the typical path to four-star rank
Dr.
The U.N. meeting comes after the United Nations sent a humanitarian mission to Syria
The SCOOT system already regulates London's traffic flows and has cut delays by 12%
Coalition troops hand over security control of Iraq's Anbar province to Iraqis
Hinting he might not return is a reminder to Beijing that time is running out
Follows government advice not to share "common vessels" for food or drink
Earth is sprinkled with around 170 craters also caused by debris falling from space
N.
Nekrassov: Kremlin appears to have no taste for drastic economic measures
Texas Gov.
Ronald Homer, 30, fell during a Braves-Phillies baseball game
His was the second such death at an Atlanta sporting venue in the last year
Martin Luther King, Jr.
France eliminated from World Cup after 2-1 loss to South Africa
Nigeria's military began clearing the western Niger Delta region last week
Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana
Nepalese journalist who reported on women's rights is hacked to death
Short-term memory loss is the hallmark early symptom of Alzheimer's
These signs often become noticeable in the workplace before anywhere else
About half the scheduled flights at Paris' Charles de Gaulle Airport have been canceled
About 2,000 flights across Europe were canceled the first day of the strike
Last year's world champion Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
The season will now begin in Melbourne, Australia on March 27
New court documents reveal conversations about wanting to kill
Sen.
"The notices are for builders to bid on contracts to construct projects," spokesman says
U.S.
No.
Attacks and counterattacks have escalated in the past two days
World No.
80% of people in Nigeria and Uganda see opportunities for starting businesses
Trichomonas affects 174 million people around the world each year
Under Newsome, the Ravens have reached the playoffs seven times
20 minutes of knitting can lower your heart rate and blood pressure
Tennis' world No.
Richard St.
St.
Do you know a hero?
Internet addiction may be not as widespread in the U.S. as in Asian countries
Rescuers found another 15 bodies floating on the nearby island of Ilha Grande
Above all, emphasize that the grown-ups are in charge and that kids are safe
Former detainees and family of a slain Iraqi say at least 20 people were killed and others were abused
Macklemore and fiancée Tricia Davis expecting first child in May
Sen.
Numerous studies have been carried out
Eight people -- two suspected Taliban militants and six civilians -- killed
U.S.
All three were interviewed by police last week
El Nabawy was one of the first prominent voices in Egypt to support the revolution
The 20-year ban affects more than 1 million acres of public land
Arizona Gov.
A grand jury indicted Elias Abuelazam on charges of attempted murder and assault
AT&T was the first carrier to introduce the tiered data plan structure to customers
Verizon eliminated its unlimited data plan in July
Vote called to fill seats vacated by the promotion of parliamentarians to the Cabinet and other posts
Li Keqiang was named China's premier, the No.
Man convicted of running charity that stole millions of dollars intended for Navy veterans
U.S.
Leaders' arrivals will take place away from commercial passenger terminals
U.S.
Snyder: As with Putin today in Ukraine, Hitler in 1938 in Austria based claim on need to protect fellow ethnics
Some scientists disagree over dispersants' ability to break down the oil faster
Hesjedal first Canadian to claim one of cycling's major tours
Scott defeated Argentina's Angel Cabrera on the second hole of playoff
He was found guilty of assisting in mass murder as a guard at the Sobibor death camp
Gordon Brown announced he would stand down as Labour leader in the autumn
Barack Obama has come in at eighth in a list of golf-playing American presidents
Two-time world champion Alonso pens a three-year deal with the Italian giants
MotoGP could be set to expand for the 2012 season
"Hotel Transylvania" jumped two spots into second place
The U.S.
Aircraft have been unable to fly in or out of Lukla
So far, the iPhone Google Maps app lacks this traffic-avoiding feature
About 18,000 people have arrived by sea in Italy so far this year, the UNHCR says
The blaze hit a carrot packaging facility in Shandong province
U.N.
An instant hit with Chinese netizens, Pandaman went viral online within a few hours
Wang says he feels undeterred by the potential consequences of his work
Sen.
The U.S.
"The plan is to do 30 dates this fall," he says
The plan is to play mostly large theaters, as opposed to arenas and amphitheaters
While in prison, Mandela became most significant black leader in South Africa
Hugh Masekela songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid
Disney Studios named Jones a "Disney Legend"
"At the time, Pinocchio was just a job," Jones said
Lance Corp.
Isabella Yun-Mi Guzman, 18, held without bond in mother's stabbing death
U.S.
U.S.
Hussain is a close ally of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif
U.S.-Egyptian military exercise would have involved thousands of American air and ground forces
The case highlights tensions between anti-whaling activists and Japanese officials
It's been more than a week since Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished into thin air
The story has dominated headlines and social media
U.S.
Professor says the FAA should be able to release the actual number
"Born Villain" is the eighth studio album by the inveterate provocateur
At 19 she is one of the most successful U.S.
"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn -- Part I" opens in theaters today
President Obama and family scheduled to arrive Sunday at Martha's Vineyard
The highlight undoubtedly came in 2005 when a Flintoff-inspired England won the Ashes
On stage he uses an iPad with a text-to-voice app
Lost Voice Guy invites his audience to laugh along with him at his own disability
$84,500 collected will go to program that provides free after-school care
Students will learn about political parties in the United States
Shortly before his death, he had moderated a film discussion
Recommended tanning exposure times are exceeded by 95% of indoor tanners, report says
Showdog.com allows you to enter a virtual simulation dog show league
Web-based E-wrestling federations allow you to draft a stable of grapplers
Krystal Square Off offers fantasy eating leagues for four to seven teams
Japanese fishermen have captured a rare albino dolphin and killed 11 other dolphins
A spate of violent incidents has rocked Xinjiang, long inhabited by the largely Muslim Uyghurs
U.S.
Kasem, 82, is suffering from Lewy body disease
55% of traffic volume consumed on game consoles, set-top boxes, etc.
The Guardian is estimated to have damaged about 4,000 square meters of the reef
"Can You Solve This?"
FAA is investigating
Facebook remains the most popular social network among U.S.
"My platform is gone.
CDC estimates between 8,330 and 17,160 people have died from H1N1
In a regular flu season, about 36,000 people in U.S.
Hamburg take top spot in Bundesliga on goal difference from Bayer Leverkusen
Christopher Scott spent 12 years behind bars before another man confessed
The Nokia Lumia 900 will be in stores April 8 for the tidy sum of $99.99
The Ivory Coast was once one of Africa's success stories
The two-year survival rate was 30% among the 117 patients taking metformin
"Angry Birds" just got 30 new levels with a chance to find one more
Saturday marks the 25th anniversary of the first Macintosh computer
Dorner is trained in counterinsurgency and intelligence, the source says
One in four people living with HIV is a woman
Iran has blamed Jundallah for deadly bombings, abductions and targeted killings
Russian Dementieva goes down 7-6 2-6 6-1 to Czech qualifier Petra Cetkovska
Rep.
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating
Hubbard was named a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master in 2006
Captain Robert M.
She donated her prize money to the Sichuan earthquake relief fund
Gov.
10 people have been admitted to hospitals, none in serious or critical condition
Rory McIlroy says losing his No.
TripAdvisor said it deplored the practice of fining its users
Komisarjevsky was convicted of 17 charges, including three counts of murder, in October
Developing a personal brand can be a great strategy for job seekers
Gen.
"It was just great to see my family relieved," he told CNN's "New Day" on Wednesday
Drug widely used to treat mild Alzheimer's disease appears to provide no benefit
Nearly one-fifth of all people with mild Alzheimer's received the drug in 2006
Democratic Sen.
B.J.
The governing coalition is committed to sacking 15,000 civil servants by the end of 2014 under the bailout terms
Daniel Hauser can remain with his parents, but must start treatments Thursday
NCAA contends that athletes are paid in the form of a free education
Other notable film roles were in "My Cousin Vinny" in 1992 and "The Game" in 1997
More recently, he was Frank Matheson in eight episodes of "Homeland"
U.S.
"We strongly condemn this despicable attack," Wang Chuan, the consulate spokesman, said
J.D.
London will host a meeting of the Group of 20 nations in April
Pope Benedict XVI will travel to Mexico for the first time Friday
U.S.
Proofpoint said the attack occurred between December 23 and January 6
California Gov.
The array is estimated to reduce carbon emissions by 511 tonnes per year.
U.N.
Lt.
She asked prosecutors to begin investigating her father's and brother's deaths
Aisha Gadhafi, who fled to Algeria in August 2011, asked last year to open an investigation
U.S.
Bill would reduce nationwide greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent by 2020
That's when Pope Gregory III, born in Syria, ended his 10-year reign
Sen.
Arson thought responsible for the destruction in the towns of Marysville and Kinglake
Good behavior rules and jail overcrowding guidelines mean a sharp reduction in time served
Brown was taken into custody at the Van Nuys, California, courthouse Wednesday
Liberia has seen a 52% of increases in cases in just the past three weeks.
Texas Gov.
Johnson also condemned attempts in Europe to build financial trading hubs away from London
Staples Easy 3D will launch in the Netherlands and Belgium in the first quarter of 2013
Northern Ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent months
U.S.
One year ago, Lord Justice Leveson delivered his damning report on British press
Former President George W.
North Korea is accused of widespread religious persecution
If finalized, the deal would be the biggest bilateral trade agreement ever negotiated
George is free on unconditional bail and is not barred from traveling
A resounding boom over Tucson roused residents from their dinner tables Tuesday
Libya has taken steps to arrest those responsible for last week's deadly consulate attack
There will be no dogs, no support team.
ETA is listed as a terrorist group by United States and the European Union
Rep.
"No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change," the President says
He credits the Clean Air Act with making Americans "a lot" healthier
The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide
The "Arbeit Macht Frei" sign was emblematic of Nazi camps
All the squats Kern visited were in former commercial premises
Zanotti earlier this year became the first Paraguayan winner on the European Tour
Texas Gov.
Shellie N.
"If I did not love America, I wouldn't have moved here from Kenya," Obama quips
Stancil is accused of killing an employee at Wayne Community College
He has been ruled out of Spain's Euro 2012 qualifiers against Lithuania and Scotland
Brazil defender Alex will miss the international friendlies against Iran and Ukraine
Chinese air force controls the vast majority of the country's increasingly crowded airspace
Armstrong announced last year he was returning to competitive racing
St.
Brittni Garcia didn't think her weight was a problem until she couldn't fit into her "fat shorts"
Hoffman LLC designed and built monastery at a cost of just over $7.5 million
Rep.
A lone gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School last December
She claimed ownership of the original screenplay and subsequent rights
Ministry of Justice maintains that judicial system is "fair and just"
Jackson was expected to earn $50 million from the London shows
Tanker explosion occurred near Molo, a small town in the Rift Valley Province
Nearly 1 million people evacuated from China's Fujian and Zhejiang provinces
And if he did not, did he act as a reasonable person would have?
Sen.
The law prevents NASA funds from being used to collaborate with China
Bill Clinton won Colorado in 1992, but lost it in 1996.
AC Milan coach Leonardo does not want unsettled midfielder Gennaro Gattuso to leave the club
Marine Commandant Gen.
"I love my daughter and I will always love her," Keith Hudson said
"I'm sure that Katy's trending on the Internet was to get you here to church," Mary Hudson said
191 people killed in terrorist attacks on morning rush-hour commuter trains
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia also will see the eclipse
Richie pleaded guilty Friday to driving under the influence of drugs
Richie rose to fame as Paris Hilton's co-star on "The Simple Life"
Teachers can ban exams from the site if they don't want students sharing
Codex Sinaiticus contains all of New Testament, part of Old Testament
At least 16 rounds fired on uninhabited area in Iraq's Irbil province
Blind women being trained to use their sensitive touch to detect breast cancer lumps
Jamie Lynn Spears broke off her shotgun engagement to baby daddy Casey Aldridge
Half of the respondents wanted to know more about their mothers' sexuality
Stockholm is built on 14 islands that separate the Baltic Sea from Lake Mälaren
Sudanese plane hijacked shortly after taking off from Darfur region
Gov.
"This is robbery.
Gruesome photos from the scene show the man facing up, with his arms out to the side
Michelle Obama's 2009 inaugural gown of white silk chiffon is a centerpiece of the exhibit
"We believe that the fatal wound on Mr.
Gov.
Syria has four chemical weapons facilities it didn't previously disclose
U.S.
Gov.
Free Tibet also reported that two Tibetans were shot and wounded during a protest
China's high-speed rail network is now the world's busiest with daily ridership exceeding 1.3 million
Apple might just be getting sucked into a recession-prompted price war
Apple's computers have historically been priced well above the average PC
Apple's MacBook price cuts are a strategic move to reclaim growth
Rep.
England beat India by 319 runs in the second test at Trent Bridge
Bangladesh police have detained or arrested 18,000 people in 11 days
The U.S.
Norwood has until 5 p.m.
Japan's fleet carries out an annual whale hunt despite a worldwide moratorium
The Australian government challenged the whaling program
"Joyful Noise" also finds room for a romance between Randy and Olivia
NEW: The far-right People's Party's loss came as a surprise to many
He was fined and sentenced to three years supervised probation
Gov.
Colgan Flight 3407 crashed February 12 during approach to Buffalo
President Obama lays a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery's Tomb of the Unknowns
There is widespread concern that Abe will have a tough time enacting bold structural reforms
She'd been scheduled to appear with the prime minister of Bavaria
"Panya" routes are used by smugglers to cross between Kenya and Somalia
The company also launched two other HTC One devices -- the HTC One S and the HTC One V
All three devices should be hitting the market in the next two months, likely in April
Rep.
Sen.
It is monitoring milk, precipitation, drinking water, and other outlets
Gov.
Ingmar Guandique is serving a 10-year prison sentence for two assaults
Clinton has said she has shown she can withstand conservative attacks
U.S.
Barcelona striker Lionel Messi leads nominations for the Ballon d'Or
Prince William has helped the U.S.
Russian site allegedly shows State Department employee having sex with prostitute
CNN will assess the impact that money has -- and hasn't -- had in this electoral cycle
Unlike the space shuttle, Orion is a capsule that will parachute to a landing
In response, President Felipe Calderon sent federal troops to patrol the city
Croatia international Nikica Jelavic is poised to join Scottish champions Rangers
The mine had a spotty safety record
The burger was made of 20,000 small strands of meat grown from a cow's muscle cells
Liquidmetal was discovered at the California Institute of Technology in 1992
The molding process is still a relatively new technology, and it's fairly expensive
U.S.
U.S.
China has accused the groups of trying to "distort the truth" about the unrest
He has been climbing Everest as part of an expedition
Two children killed in Israeli artillery attack at a U.N.
Dean was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame this year
Rep.
Dr.
Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation
Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of Mexican immigrants
"I come from ... a typical migrant farm working family," Hernandez said
Cadel Evans secures Australia's first ever Tour de France victory
Sen.
"Do we have equal representation?
Nautica was in area patrolled by international anti-piracy task force
One of the boats closed to within 300 yards and fired eight rifle shots
The UAE is experimenting with many traditional solutions to air-conditioning, including wind towers that funnel upper currents of cool air
Places such as Yellowstone National Park would be closed as a result of the impasse
The case stems from comments the Chelsea footballer allegedly made to Anton Ferdinand
Racist taunts, alleged and proven, have dogged English football for years
Rivers, 81, had been on life support at Manhattan's Mount Sinai hospital
The boys, ages 5 and 7, were found dead in Campbellton, New Brunswick
Deane, 61, had worked for Sky for 15 years, based in Washington and Jerusalem
Claims came a day after Sri Lanka ordered end to combat operations
Google is set to become your new phone company, perhaps reducing your phone bill to zilch in the process.
Google has bought Gizmo5, an online phone company that is akin to Skype
When passengers disembark at destination, officials can easily identify them
Sgt.
Staff Sgt.
Sgt.
Nearly 200 delegations have gathered in Qatar to plan for a new international climate pact
Ethiopian troops arrested Johan Persson and Martin Schibbye in July
40-60% of children between ages 6 and 12 are worried about their weight
Hong Kong student protest leaders Joshua Wong and Lester Shum arrested
Greenaway resigned after officials discovered that she had not been a registered lawyer
Greenaway was appointed to her post by her husband, Andrew Reid
Bush v.
Garrido and his wife are accused of snatching Jaycee Dugard when she was 11
U.S.
U.S.
U.S.
Bieber has helped grant the wishes of more than 200 children through the Make-A-Wish
N.C.
He resigned the presidency in 2007 because of the sexual assault allegations
"She was actually very quiet.
Dr.
Over 2 million Catalans voted on Sunday, defying decisions by Spain's highest court
Catalan secessionists have staged massive street demonstrations in recent years
U.S.
Beginning on June 9, Microsoft will offer the Xbox One for $399 in all markets
Medieval aristocrats are known to have eaten high-protein diets
Mario Gotze scores the winning goal for Bayern Munich against old team Borussia Dortmund
Legionnaires' disease is a respiratory bacterial infection
Urban is still expected to perform at the Country Music Awards on November 9
The Rev.
A population of rare snow leopards has been discovered in Afghanistan
Researchers photographed the elusive big cat using camera traps
Gleeks should expect to see Gloria in the same episode as Ricky Martin
The plan is for the episode is to feature some of Estefan's own music
78,000 residents have been unable to return to a 12.4-mile (20-km) exclusion zone around plant
Each residency will include accommodation on a sleeper car with a bed, a desk and outlets
The new iTunes iMatch service will cost $25 a year, with unlimited storage
For iCloud, Apple will give the four major labels almost 60 percent of future profits
Apple isn't the first to provide such a service -- Amazon unveiled its Cloud Drive in March
Detective John Munch will retire on "Law and Order: SVU"
People don't like to use landlines or mobile phones for fear of their calls being traced
In this loose-limbed documentary, Fred Wiseman is more like an impressionist painter
"Crazy Horse" can be viewed as a series of nude studies
U.S.
NEW: Four of those charged were previously in custody, officials said.
Rep.
Police forcefully dragged some of the protesters to awaiting vans
U.N.
World No.
World No.
Nearly 11,000 U.S. troops will remain in Afghanistan in the beginning of 2015
Police investigate death of model and TV personality Peaches Geldof
Gabor has suffered major health problems in the last year
Aboud Rogo Mohammed was accused supporting Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia
The story of Perseus, the bastard son of Zeus who takes on the mighty Kraken
Elizabeth Nass and Rose Mayr, both 19, were killed
The club's license had expired in August and had not been renewed
Patti Smith's 11th album is her most energized in years
"Banga" feels like both a return to form and a renewal
The company has helped to break the cycle for thousands of rural families
"It is time for a significant change.
Gov.
He uses the seven-minute video to discuss Syria and address the protesters
Indian authorities file complaint against Continental for frisking former president
Former president APJ Abdul Kalam was exempt from body checks, officials say
The 29-year-old plans to take medication to end her life
All three were able to walk and move during a general health assessment
The death is believed to be a result of strangling
Production begins at Baltimore Washington International and Denver International
Former world No.
About 40 million people are in the path
Max Shatto, 3, who was adopted from Russia, lived in Texas
"She's the greatest horse I've ever been on in my life," jockey Calvin Borel said
The Other Hundred, a project featuring 100 photo stories, launched its first exhibition
The project takes aim at media rankings such as the Forbes Billionaire List
CEO: "We're trying to provoke people to define for themselves what it means to have a rich and fulfilled life"
The exhibition will move next to Mumbai, New York, Beijing and Berlin in 2014
"Ghost Protocol" brims with scenes that are exciting and amazing at the same time
"Ghost Protocol" is fast and explosive, but it's also a supremely clever sleight-of-hand thriller
Former President Jimmy Carter says Obama's re-election prospects could improve
Ford Crown Victoria is the most popular police car currently in production
He said he snapped after years of physical and psychological abuse
The U.S.
The upper terrace offers a commanding view of Los Angeles
Julie K.
MC says motion-sensing video games are making former arcade enthusiasts take notice
A day to trump them all has also taken shape to counter the global consumer
Berlusconi will remain in hospital at least one day longer than expected, his doctor said
"We're getting what New York and New Jersey need," Rep.
National Hurricane Center director Bill Proenza has left his position
U.S.
Follows government advice not to share "common vessels" for food or drink
Al Megrahi was convicted in 2001 of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103
All 259 people aboard and 11 people on the ground were killed
Scotland's justice minister granted al Megrahi an early release in August 2009
NATO summit is called "the most important gathering of NATO leaders in more than a decade"
Russian President Putin's push in to Ukraine has the 28-nation alliance focused on action
Ivory Coast is the world's largest supplier of cocoa beans
The 37-year-old made his Test debut 10 years ago and has taken 207 wickets
U.S.
Historically the Taliban flee to their safe havens in neighboring Pakistan for winter
Ted Kaczynski, the so-called "Unabomber," listed his eight life sentences as an "award"
Harrington is 5'6", 120 pounds, and was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt
Metallica posted a message about Harrington's disappearance on their Web site
The FAA has suspended all unofficial visits to air traffic control operation areas
JetBlue announced that the flights were sold out three hours after initially tweeting the deal
Japan has long regarded India as a powerful counterweight to Beijing's strategic rise
Photos shows parts of a pressure cooker, backpack and pellets
Lorin Maazel conducted more than 150 orchestras in at least 5,000 performances
Sulley Muntari and Kevin-Prince Boateng suspended indefinitely
Surgery will be performed in the United Kingdom in "the coming weeks"
Red Cross reports people being burned alive
Office of Inspector General confirmsit has staff investigators on the ground in San Antonio
Part of the 101 Freeway in Los Angeles was shut down in both directions
Army Staff Sgt.
"104 floors of compromise?"
North Korea insists this is a peaceful launch, the satellite for scientific research
Do you know a hero?
Do you know a hero?
Sen.
Democratic Rep.
Stoeser pleaded guilty in 2003 to child sexual assault and child pornography charges
A CNN investigation uncovered at least 15 civil suits and nearly two dozen complaints
Most who could not meet the BMI requirement chose not to apply
Dr.
The suspect was shot and severely wounded
About 70 bottles lie mostly undamaged south of the Aland Island
Holder says penalties would still be tough for violent criminals
Trebek, 71, checked into Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles Saturday
The show won the best game show Emmy at the Daytime Emmy awards Saturday
March 11 marked 10th anniversary of Madrid train bombings that killed 191 people
Despite accounts of inequality, 2012 has been dubbed the year of the woman
The Rev.
Vincent C.
"We were surprised by the magnitude of improvement," says Bolli
Briton Amir Khan beats Mexican legend Marco Antonio Barrera in Manchester
Briton accused of carrying out biggest ever U.S. military computer hacking
The most popular games often focus on executing a few simple features well
A study found that the probability of punishment is less than 0.1%
Pemex is Mexico's powerful and much-criticized state oil monopoly.
China has less than 10% of the world's cultivated land and only 7% of its potable water
CNN was unable to get a response from the Egyptian government
90 percent of primate species in Vietnam and Cambodia at risk of extinction
Suspect in U.S. military custody could be turned over to Kenya or another country
EU leaders at summit call for overhaul of international financial system
Investigators have not yet established the cause of the crash
"You've made it ...
Nott embarked on the three-hour operation with just one pint of donated blood
Computer makers are working on bringing instant-on computing closer to reality
Investigators have not revealed a motive for the gruesome killing
Miami Dolphins defensive end Randy Starks was arrested early Sunday morning
Starks is in his sixth NFL season and his second with the Dolphins
President blamed Islamist group Al-Shabaab for attack
Cartoonists everywhere took up pencils to express solidarity
Alwin Landry's supply vessel was alongside Deepwater Horizon at time of blast
Landry said first sign of trouble was when drilling "mud" began falling onto his ship
There are reports of damage so far, the Napa County Sheriff's Office says
It comes a week after a 6.0-magnitude quake struck the same area
Before Kim's promotion to general on Monday, state-run media didn't mention him
Do you own a wrap dress?
Rescue is dangerous since wrong move could bring down the rest of the building
"Moms' Night Out" earned $4.2 million
U.S.
Schalke move out of bottom three with 4-0 thrashing of Werder Bremen
Workshops held for 120 judges who may have to rule on domestic issues
Megi may be the strongest typhoon to hit China this year
The alternative rock pioneers are prepping the release of "The Great Escape Artist"
"It was a good goal for the team to shoot for, and we hit it," he says
The famed bagel shop may be best known for its stint on "Seinfeld"
H&H has a second location on West 46th Street that will remain open
Most of the subjects are suspected drug lords awaiting trial
Ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter
Putin stepped down as president in May after two terms and is now PM
Prosecutors lay out narrative of what they said was "the defendant's intent to murder"
J.
World No.
The league's owners began a lockout of its players in early July
University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus
Sen.
Zahriyeh: Occupy Wall Street will grow and succeed on its own merits.
Navy guards accused of assaulting detainees at Camp Bucca
Services kicked out disproportionate number of women under "Don't Ask, Don't Tell"
Yemen state TV reported that an army general and a civilian were killed
Authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered
The alleged leaders are three Chinese citizens living in New York
Learn about the rescue operation that ended a 22-hour standoff in Pakistan
Study the praise and challenges that accompany President Obama's Nobel Prize
Discuss how the international space station could become an abandoned laboratory
The Sunday Times Rich List put al Fayed's personal fortune at $962 million
Sen.
First Sgt.
His comments are at odds with what U.S. officials want
"My trust with America is not good.
Rebel forces and Islamic militants control much of Syria's northern territories
Rep.
Google's executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, visited North Korea this month
Rep.
Eleven of congressmen were killed in captivity in June 2007
A veggie omelette is a great way to sneak more nutrient- and fiber-rich produce
European countries sold over $3 billion worth of dairy products to Russia in 2013
The U.S.
4th U.S.
The boy hopped a flight from Minnesota to Las Vegas last week
Critics see practice as another way lobbyists are buying influence on Capitol Hill
U.S.
Kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight
U.S.
Kim Jong Nam, the eldest son, is the half-brother of Kim Jong Un, the new leader of North Korea
Kim Jong Nam is the most public of Kim Jong Il's sons
Marine Le Pen's Front National extreme-right party came top in France's European elections
Giordano's next hearing is scheduled for the end of October
The earthquake hit 468 kilometers (302 miles) south-southwest of Tokyo
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning
South Korea bade farewell to former President Kim Dae-Jung
Barry Ardolf, 46, repeatedly hacked into his next-door neighbors' Wi-Fi network in 2009
Sony in Japan has been a popular target of hackers for years
Former Sony employees are suing the company for failing to protect their privacy
Saturday blast comes day after twin suicide bombing in Lahore killed 44 people
Heart disease is the No.
Rep.
CNN International is again airing its 24-part series, The Cold War, which first aired in 1998
Obama has decided to nominate Sen.
U.N.
Army Maj.
It highlights the success of Tunisia, Egypt and Libya
McIlroy lost world no.1 spot to Tiger Woods this week
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein defended her decision to release the torture report
Paulson plans to infuse chess with a mix of lucrative sponsorship deals
Wilkerson: Florida has been part of the South and its vigilante-enforced racial caste system
Hoffman told lawyer he "did not like the idea of setting up a trust for his children"
"It was shocking, humiliating, it was demeaning," she said.
Humans began domesticating cattle, Bos taurus, about 8,500 years ago
Dr.
Authorities did not reveal a possible motive
David Prowse, who played Darth Vader in "Star Wars," has prostate cancer
Sen.
The attack occurred after locals ended their daily fast for Ramadan
This year's selection of workplace tales ranges from ingenious to inspiring to just plain weird
U.S.
Great Falls, Montana, will shiver at 9 below zero on Tuesday night
Nader (Peyman Moadi) and Simin (Leila Hatami) are a married couple in trouble
Moadi, Hatami and Bayat are all deeply convincing and moving actors
In Peshawar, nine killed when a car bomb exploded as school bus passed
U.S.
Costa will be joined by former Atletico teammate Filipe Luis.
Helen Mirren is nominated in the best actress category for her role in "Hitchcock"
The agency has received reports of at least 65 incidents, including two deaths
Iowa Gov.
Kurdistan Gas City will include industrial, residential and commercial buildings
Jessie L.
Some immigration agents have been previously trained to be air marshals in emergencies
The recall doesn't involve Uncle Ben's brand products sold at supermarkets
Joe Biden will guest-star in the Nov.
Tensions between North Korea and the West have spiked in recent years
South Korea accuses the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships
The Elders expect to meet with ailing North Korean leader Kim Jong Il
Apple could allow devs to create dedicated TV apps, and leverage the AirPlay feature
He didn't seem to utter any words, the source says
There are about 1.57 billion Muslims in the world, according to the report
The center of the earthquake is 175 miles west of the city of Vancouver
TMZ and E!
The "You Don't Say?"
Sgt.
Trade between Brazil and Africa jumped from $4 billion in 2000 to $20 billion in 2010
After a 10 hour flight, they land at Frankfurt and here, it's all about speed and punctuality.
Lufthansa Cargo is one of the many carriers that help to deliver romance
The Malawi Law Society said prosecution driven by prejudice
Legacy Locker allows users to set up a kind of online will, with beneficiaries
Half a million homes remained without power across Northeast, mid-Atlantic region
The launch date had been delayed to allow additional testing
D.K.
Capt.
All participants must be U.S. citizens
U.S.
U.S.
The president will still make the case that Congress must authorize military force
The video shows Janet Jackson trying to take a cell phone away from Paris
Obama plans to keep 35,000-50,000 support troops in Iraq after combat troops leave
Cargill Meat Solutions has recalled 8,500 pounds of beef
Australia's 1,550 troops in Afghanistan a fraction of the overall number of foreign troops deployed
More than 130,000 troops from 50 countries are currently operating in Afghanistan
The pope, who plans to deliver his homily in Italian, isn't expected to stay within a script
Thousands of Catholics packed St.
Gruesome medical specimens show the miraculous functioning of the human body
Rep.
Tensions boiled over last year, after months of reports that Chase had acted out on set
In the past week, Texas Forest Service responds to 176 fires
The plane recovered and landed safely the second time around
On Sunday, Skype 2.0 was launched for the iPhone 3G
After August 2010, Skype will start charging a monthly fee for the 3G calling
A dozen Broadway shows topped $1 million at the box office for the week ending Nov.
Feliciano Lopez, the No.
No.
A post on the Facebook developer blog announces the Open Stream API
The victim had no pulse and was not breathing when divers pulled him from water
Mascherano has been linked with a move to European champions Inter Milan
U.S.
Energy Minister Taner Yildiz's plane was forced to turn around in mid-flight Tuesday
U.N.
Nearly 800 dogs were rescued by a Chinese animal protection group
In April 520 dogs were saved from dinner table by Chinese animal-rights activists
"Canadian chocolate is higher in fat and it is a higher particle size," says a Hershey's expert
Authorities plan to enact a new water clarity test at pools statewide
They were sent September 22, 2010, the same night that Clementi took his own life
Serena Williams already into second round
Students will learn about political parties in the United States
Jackie Chan World Park will contain five major themed areas and various cultural exhibition centers
"I wanted to buy everything when I was young, but now I want to donate whatever I have," said Chan
U.S.
U.S.
Obama said he would invest $150 billion over 10 years in clean energy
Gov.
Tax hikes were proposed to close $14 billion budget deficit
Do you know a hero?
Australian pilot lands a company plane in the ocean off Darwin
The disease has killed 67 people this year in Rio de Janeiro state
Denmark, Finland, New Zealand, Sweden and Singapore topped the list as the cleanest countries
Somalia, North Korea, Afghanistan, Sudan and Myanmar ranked at the bottom
The United States was ranked 19th in the world, below Japan and the UK
Whole conversations can be shared with friends via e-mail or as individual tweets from apps
Sen.
Sen.
U.S.
Roland S.
In 2012 sales dipped 2.5%, but with cost-cutting the company has managed a 12% jump in pre-tax profit
Apple has a long way to go before it dominates K-12 classrooms
There are 55.5 million students enrolled in more than 130,000 U.S.
He opened fire at Canada's National War Memorial and Parliament Hill, killing one
U.S.
The members of R.E.M.
The Rally to Restore Sanity and March to Keep Fear Alive will take place on October 30th
Dr.
U.S.
Sgt.
California Supreme Court struck down the state's ban on same-sex marriage
New Jersey Gov.
Days of heavy rain caused a mine at Niupeng in Guizhou province to flood
"Rain-saturated earth on the surface collapsed into a shaft" at another pit in Guangxi
Rep.
The most sticking criticism of Android is its fragmentation problem
Google will continue dominance in its primary services: search, email and cloud
Paul Lee says he's going to take a look at the long-gestating Star Wars live-action TV series
"We'd love to do something with Lucasfilm, we're not sure what yet," Lee said
Forrest Timothy Hayes, 51, was found dead on his yacht
Newcastle win 1-0 at Wigan to give new manager Alan Pardew his second victory
U.S.
CNN Chile reports the explosive device was inside a trash bin
U.S.
Think we've missed one?
Among the 80 homes destroyed was that of New York Rep.
The fate of Susan Powell, who disappeared in 2009, is still unknown
"Piddle packs" blamed for at least two crashes over the years, not always tidy
Chelsea suffers a shock 1-0 loss at relegation threatened Crystal Palace
U.N.
Texas law prohibits withdrawing life-sustaining treatment from a pregnant patient
Kennedy's interest in the seat could mean the continuation of a family legacy
Gov.
Staff Sgt.
Previously, screeners swabbed some carry-on luggage and other objects
China's largest milk, Mengniu Dairy Group, recalls three batches of formula
Hoy
Geminids are debris from an extinct comet called 3200 Phaethon
Universal Pictures has picked up distribution rights for "Dumb and Dumber To"
George W.
MIT researchers built their first robotic fish, "Robotuna," in 1994
Rancho Feeding Corp.
Dr.
White House says it is trying to protect president's ability to receive candid advice
David Prowse, who played Darth Vader in "Star Wars," has prostate cancer
At least $5 million has been donated to the Aurora Victims Relief Fund
Milan waste a golden opportunity to close the gap on leaders Inter at the top of Serie A
U.S.
Journey to a remote part of Afghanistan ahead of a presidential election
Learn about a pair of planned space launches in the U.S. and South Korea
Rock out to a report on the changing technology of electric guitars
Jordan Linn Graham made an initial appearance in court Monday
The two neighbors have had a cease-fire along the de facto border
In 2007 Intel's total revenue was more than $38 billion
"The evidence will clearly show that I am the shooter," Hasan admits
U.S.
Some of the material has never been performed on stage before
He was arrested after DNA testing linked him to the attacks
Los Angeles City Council approves boycott of Arizona-based businesses and governments
The operation places more uniformed officers in areas where crime rates are high
At least two pandas had lived longer than Ming Ming
Scam artists are calling veterans and posing as VA workers
"Marta" was 12 when she came to the U.S.
The stand-down order was made Tuesday but is just now becoming public
Pfc.
In February, he pleaded guilty to 10 of the 22 charges against him
He did not plead guilty to the most serious charge -- that of aiding the United States' enemies
At 2 a.m.
"That's our fault.
U.S.
Jedi Destiny is where players learn how to use their body movements to control the Force
"Kinect Star Wars" is available now and can be played only using the Kinect controller
Indian lost his Tour card last month after slipping down the money list
Yahoo plays a pivotal role in the behind-the-scenes network experience
U.S.
U.S.
About 10,000 albinos in hiding in east Africa over fears they will be dismembered
No.
"Beach volleyball is not going to be my career anymore," May-Traenor says
The Blue Hole is world-renowned as an open-water diving spot
The attack took place at a weapons market in Dara Adam Khel
Jamal Bana is third Somali-American to head to Somalia and die there
Two NATO service members killed in separate incidents
Saleh has been in Saudi Arabia recuperating from a bomb attack
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said there would be "no support" for the march
Mindy McCready is found dead at her home in Arkansas
McCready burst onto the scene in 1996 with her album "10,000 Angels"
"Unguarded" premieres tonight at 10:30 p.m.
Do you know a hero?
Savile asked Thatcher if the government would consider a grant for the hospital as "goodwill gesture"
London will become the first city to host the Olympics three times in the modern era
Government forces took the area in a surprise attack early Sunday
Pakistani military reports killing 40 militants near the border with Afghanistan
Taliban and its al Qaeda allies may be focusing more on western Pakistan
The Louisiana delegation is offering bipartisan support to Rep.
Abdul Hakim Belhaj seized control as the military commander of Tripoli
FBI asks anybody who knows the bank robber to call 423-282-8090
Chris Brown sentenced to five years probation and "labor-oriented service"
"In Your Dreams" has the high-gloss L.A. production of her collaborators
Nicks finds storytelling inspiration everywhere, from the Twilight series to Jean Rhys
U.N.
Texas authorities are investigating how oysters were contaminated
Bolt will next race in the 200m in Sunday's Diamond League meeting in Shanghai, China
U.S.
Sen.
Monday's episode averaged a 3.4 rating in adults 18-49 and 8.6 million viewers
The comedy took an exciting turn on Monday when Barney and Robin got engaged
Motorola Mobility surveyed 9,500 people in 17 countries
Iraqi Army has captured Islamic State in Iraq and Syria fighter from China, report said
If true, he would be first Chinese national caught fighting with ISIS militants
Beijing has stepped up efforts to appease local dissatisfaction and curb violence
Tablets like this could become popular among people who have never owned a computer
Kerry Kennedy, daughter of the late Sen.
Ambassador Mikhail Vanin says he did not think the Danes fully understood the consequences
"It took 10 years to realize you were part of history," said Lenny Eisenberg
Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion
It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties
South Korea rebuffs North Korea's demand to meet two fishermen
Bill Clinton has brought in almost $52 million from speeches
Ronald Reagan netted $2 million dollars for speeches in Japan
Rutherford B.
Like Fallon before him, Meyers anchored SNL's "Weekend Update" desk
Galileo Mondol faces charges that include aggravated rape of a child
If convicted, he faces up to 21 years in prison
Also on trial is the Rev.
Williams leads Sharapova 16-2 in their rivalry
It functions in a similar manner to an everyday contact lens
But unlike a contact, this lens is inside the eyeball
At least 1 - Member of the president's cabinet who doesn't attend
1 - Times Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer has missed the speech since 1994
22 - Number of guests hosted by first lady Michelle Obama in 2012
Weeping family and friends gathered at the scene as questions lingered
There have been 15 deaths since record-keeping began in 1924
...
U.N.
Ibrahim gave birth to a girl in a prison last month
About 100,000 civilians fled their homes, about 35,000 unable to return
Russia and Georgia each blamed the other for starting the conflict
47% of U.S.
George H.W.
U.S.
Google this week unveiled its Chrome Web Store
U.N.
The Mississippi River was closed at two locations after a barge ran aground
The Greenville closure affects a 10-mile stretch of the Lower Mississippi
The Army Corps of Engineers carried out dredging operations near La Crosse, Wisconsin
U.N.
The Page will feature a mix of news, links, videos and photographs
This is the fourth profile Britain's royal family will have set up on a social networking site
It took Facebook four years to reach 90 million
Thousands of children never make it as far as the United States
Rep.
South Korea beat Ivory Coast 2-0 in friendly international at Loftus Road in London
More than 3,000 runners came to the West Bank
To date, Maples has trained more than 1,000 criminal justice personnel.
Even a discounted iPad has competition from smaller, less expensive tablets
U.N.
More than two-thirds agree that films or other entertainment programs should be banned if they are deemed to be offensive.
Kanye's video truss and 60-foot circular LED screen were damaged "beyond repair"
U.S.
Kraft is recalling 96,000 pounds of hot dogs
Paul has been embroiled in a bitter debate with Sen.
Austin Reed Sigg was 17 at the time of the killing and was charged as an adult
Obsidian can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels
Sanur is one of the best places in Bali to try out kite surfing
U.N.
The Environmental Protection Agency has called for stronger warning labels
Consult your dog's vet about the remedy that works best for your pet
It is now being used as a refugee center where thousands have taken shelter
Gov.
Approximately 90% of smokers have already started smoking by age 18
Former U.S.
Locke was at Starbucks without any security and carrying his own backpack
Many are trying to turn Jaden Smith from what he is into a focal point of ill will
Brian K.
Manchester United hit by illness and injury ahead of Wednesday's local derby
Michael J.
"If a child does not go through hardship, then he cannot become strong"
Video gives glimpse of damage to the California Institution for Men in Chino
The decision was reached after eight days of trial testimony
U.S.
Arsenal move to within three points of Chelsea at the top of the English Premier League
Dr.
The Rev.
Attorney General Eric Holder will speak at King Day at the Dome in South Carolina
Coffman caught the attention of the FBI through her Facebook activity
With more than 5 million items, it's an impressive collection
U.S.
Lillo Brancato Jr.
As a teen, Brancato starred alongside actor Robert De Niro in "A Bronx Tale"
The 29-year-old has not played since winning her fourth Wimbledon title in 2010
Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants
Substitute Ahmed al-Muhamadi was red-carded after handling on the goalline
Intubated and sedated patients are often put on "sedation holidays"
US Airways "fully supports the actions of the crew in this situation"
Jackson "was disruptive and our crew made the right decision"
Lindsay Lohan claimed that she'd been pestering "SNL" czar Lorne Michaels for a return
The ever-excitable Fallon was kind to the eternally beleaguered starlet
Howard K.
2nd film -- "About Fitna, the Netherlands and Wilders" -- is a counterargument
U.S.
No ocean?
Like button allows Facebook to track people as they switch websites
Facebook's social plugins collect the address of the Web page being visited
U.S.
U.S.
It's not yet known when the executions will be carried out
Jalozai refugee camp near Peshawar suddenly almost a city in its own right
Amputations in Haiti are difficult because people get around on foot or by bicycle
Jake England and Alvin Watts face murder and hate crime charges
"I discovered how cruel life can be, and how in one second a smile can turn into a tear, peace into war"
Sadik Mohamed will be arraigned at the National Court in Madrid,
Surprisingly, 73 percent of people keep their exes in the friends list
Gov.
Morsy assumed office June 30 and moved quickly to assert his authority
A still image of al-Kassasbeh wearing an orange jumpsuit tops the short article
Hickox recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients
Dr.
Unlike solar eclipses, lunar eclipses are safe to view with the naked eye
Al-Maliki wants to pass legislation that limits successors to two four-year terms
Iraq's constitution does not set term limits for the prime minister or lawmakers
Since the lawsuit was filed, network has sent checks totaling $43,403
Missouri Gov.
Rangiroa has tiger and hammerhead sharks, dolphins, green turtles and eagle rays
Practice, performed on young girls without anesthesia, is extremely painful
Sanchez's 3 to 5 p.m. daily spot will be filled by "CNN Newsroom"
Tisdall: Could Obama achieve the impossible and actually create sympathy for ISIS?
Move is the latest attempt by Google to make its connected eyewear more fashionable
People who meet Kate warm to her.
U.S.
U.S.
The Louvre has stood at the heart of Paris for 800 years
Now we want to know what's your favorite work of art inside the Louvre
John L.
Kyle Beebe was charged in 2003 with possession of marijuana
Illinois becomes the 15th state when its governor signs a same-sex marriage bill
16 other countries (and parts of Mexico) allow same-sex marriage
U.S.
Gov.
The Rev.
WTC Captive Insurance Co. announced settlements with more than 10,000 plaintiffs
Settlement would provide system to pay for compensation of injury claims
Serena Williams is handed a three-year suspended ban from the U.S.
U.S.
The party continued Saturday with a cake and dinner at Lavo
Lipnicki has spent a bulk of his time studying and fiercely working out
Mubarak resigned February 11 after 18 days of protests against his rule
Amerijet flight 840 landed about two hours later at Miami International Airport
"I am very sorry.
Customers who bought Skechers "toning" shoes will be eligible for refunds
U.S.
"What makes his death more important than that of my 19-year-old son?"
Sen.
U.S.
His probation has been transferred from his hometown of Richmond, Virginia, to Los Angeles
Linden, New Jersey, officials launched a homicide investigation after the discovery
Autopsies were scheduled for Monday afternoon, according to the prosecutor's office
Bush has been making the media rounds to talk about his memoir
His last novel, "The City Beyond Play," was published in 2007
"A symphony of maladies" focused on health problems among musicians
Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia in one day
Germany refused to share the debt burden of stressed eurozone peers
The 48-year-old has had well documented battles with alcohol and gambling
Pilot error caused U.N.
Dr.
AT&T has introduced a reception tower to place in your home or office
St.
Surrounded by mountains and the sea, Juneau, is accessible only by water or air
Chelsea captain John Terry sent off in the 37th minute
O.C.
Former Wales rugby captain Gareth Thomas has spoken of his relief at making public the fact he is gay
Facebook announced Tuesday that it plans to buy virtual reality firm Oculus VR for $2 billion
It's the latest high-profile acquisition during the for the social network giant
David Epstein is charged with one count of incest in the third degree
The human rights organization Global Witness called the decision "shocking"
J.
Claudio Ranieri's Roma side are through to the final of the Italian Cup
They are through despite losing 1-0 to Udinese in the second leg of their semifinal
Sens.
Acting as a broker between lenders and borrowers, peer-to-peer lenders say they can offer a better rate to both sides
China is home to the biggest rise in peer-to-peer lending.
In the US, P2P groups such as LendingClub and Prosper allow borrowers to apply for loans of as much as US$35,000
Minogue battled back to health after she was diagnosed with breast cancer
Hurricane Ike could make landfall near Galveston Island as early as Saturday
U.N.
Over the last ten years Brazil has benefited from a commodity boom, but that boom is slowing
The political system seems incapable of responding to these challenges
Novak Djokovic reaches final of Masters 1000 tournament in Miami
Louisiana Gov.
GM invests $25 million in the 33,000-square-foot Global Battery Systems Lab
Three times as many Americans choose outpatient treatment as residential rehab
GoDaddy.com is registering them for $99 a year, making these domains more expensive
The remains of Russel Rebello were found in a cabin
Cottrell searched for her son over the years, without success
Sen.
Benedict Cumberbatch is engaged to Sophie Hunter
The two-drug combination has never before been used in a U.S.
Dennis McGuire was convicted of the aggravated murder of Joy Stewart
The congress also will determine if Fidel Castro will stay on has head of the party
The funeral is scheduled for the Perry Mennonite Reception Center in Elliottsburg
John King: "He did exactly what he needed to do by getting to it first"
"Che" stars Oscar winner Benicio Del Toro in the title role
"Che" will have a limited opening in the United States on Friday
U.S.
Iowa Gov.
Dr.
More than 30,000 people remain without power in New York and New Jersey
BA wants to impose is a reduction in the number of crew members on flights
BA plans to impose the changes starting November 16, according to Unite
768 million people still use unsafe drinking water sources, according to the World Health Organization
Checking Twitter on a Friday night is the new normal
Washington may be obsessed with Weiner, but Twitter users have moved on
Walden is the opposite of Sheen's now-dead sleaze king Charlie Harper
Suggests the top 10% of households earn nearly 21 times more than the poorest
"The richer the household, the more likely it receives shadow income"
Staff Sgt.
Across the world more than two in five pregnancies are unplanned
As with physical books, there can be a wait in downloading from a library's website
Kenneth W.
Werder Bremen coach Thomas Schaaf has signed a two-year contract extension
Candidacy came under fire earlier this month after some accused her of working as an escort
Obama administration officials will be in charge during the law's full implementation
Parliament member says ban has "near zero" chance of passing
Aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water, shelter, food and education
United States captain Landon Donovan is poised for a January switch to Everton
Maj.
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
Fox's diving show "Stars in Danger" did a total belly flop in the ratings
It's no spoiler to say that there is a happy ending
Morgan Freeman also plays a version of himself
Her disappearance prompted headlines worldwide.
No one has claimed responsibility, but suspicion fell on Boko Haram
"Are we willing to work with him?"
Second time since 1990s that army has been sent in to combat Mafia crime
The plant is nearly an hour's drive southwest of Montreal
China has had a history of walling itself from the outside world
Within its Great Wall, China has exerted strong control over its people
The natural habitat of the virus is the central African forest belt
Incident occurred inside the front door of the city's AMIkids Infinity School
Steve Schmidt served as Sen.
The U.S.
Dalai Lama, traditional spiritual and political leader of Tibetan Buddhists, in exile
Reps.
Mao proved to be good at fighting but poor at governing
The BoJ increased the scale of its key asset-purchasing programme by Y5tn to Y70tn.
Politicians within Japan have been urging the BoJ to do more to fight mild deflation.
Three former Olympus executives pleaded guilty on Tuesday to filing false financial reports
Rothenburg ob der Tauber has remained virtually untouched since the 17th century
Gov.
The bags weren't registered to any of the passengers on the flight
Gov.
Egypt's public prosecutor ordered the arrest Saturday of 9 men on criminal charges
The U.S.
At the request of his family, his body was lowered into a grave on the island at about 11:30 a.m.
Hello Kitty is responsible for more than half of Sanrio's billion dollar turnover
Chavez says Uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hostages
He'll have four shows on the air, more than any other broadcast network reality TV personality
Greece's credit rating has been slashed twice in the past two weeks
Germany expected to contribute the lion's share of EU funding
Motorcycle helmet use dropped from 67% in 2009 to 54% in 2010
Perrone is charged with three counts of murder and faces life in prison if convicted
U.S.
But should we be ushering in the Year of the Sheep, Goat or Ram?
But nearly three-quarters of Americans say North Korea is a serious threat
The club reopens a few hours later for a P.
James Craig Anderson, 47, died after he was beaten and run over by a truck
Bangkok Food Tours organizes a nighttime "Chinatown Foodie Walk & Culture Tour"
The autopsy on Playboy's Miss February 2006 was done Thursday
"Is This It" topped the 100 Greatest Albums Of The Decade list compiled by a panel of musicians, producers, writers
Depending on configuration, Dreamliner can seat 200 to 300 passengers
New York police involved in two high profile shootings last month
Bank notified Treasury Department about suspicious transfers of money
U.S.
Skywest pilot Brian J.
One survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape
Gov.
Vicenzino: Berlusconi's influence on Italian affairs will continue for foreseeable future
Henry Okah, MEND's main arms smuggler, was arrested in September 2007
Djokovic and Ana Ivanovic beaten in deciding mixed doubles in Perth
Kenya is East Africa's largest economy and has made a big push to carve out its space in the global market
Kenyan authorities are working to normalize operations as quickly as possible with a sizable effort
The controversy has dogged the movie for weeks as politicians and pundits attacked the movie
He has been portrayed as a comic book superhero in Japan
The ugliest projection for 2014?
Cyprus' banks reopen for first time in nearly two weeks
Anton Skiba called CNN on Saturday to confirm his release
Phillip Greaves was arrested in December
Rep.
Almost 80 percent of these are caring for someone older than 50
U.S. car makers which are expected to report their first profits since 2004
Tuesday marked the last day of the Hajj, the annual pilgrimage that draws over two million Muslim pilgrims
Meteorologists forecast 2 to 6 inches in the Texas, Oklahoma panhandles through Saturday
Los Angeles Police Department's threat management unit is investigating
The teen remains in intensive care, drifting in and out of consciousness
Lt.
AMC is launching a two-week, full-episode sneak preview
Putin to spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television
A new hedge fund called the Fine Violins Fund is dedicated to top-range instruments
U.S.
Doctors who specialize in the aging brain say that dementia is not inevitable
Alzheimer's is perhaps the best known and most feared form of dementia
Do you know a hero?
Dr.
Lagarde's comments come after the eurozone economy grew 0.3% in the second period of this year.
Youth unemployment in Spain and Greece is above 50%; while rates in Portugal, Italy and Ireland are all above 30%
More than 160 people have been injured and about 5,000 have been left homeless, officials said
Nearly 400 people have been killed in acts of violence in May, according to a CNN tally.
Niger Delta a region in Nigeria consisting of nine oil-producing states
For $30 a year ($2.50 a month), users get 25GB to use for Google Drive and Picasa
Google Drive offers in-browser access to files and folders, including document editing
Ultimately, neither offering from Apple nor Amazon is likely to compete with Google Drive
U.S.
About 70 per cent of India's 1.2bn people are under 35
The comedian has been honing her skills with the Upright Citizens Brigade in New York
Officials say two men in Iran stoned to death for adultery and murder
Oakland police issue a third notice for demonstrators to vacate city parks
The weavers are not even putting a dent into the dense growth
Gen.
Officers at the airport have made 173 drug seizures so far this year
CIA officials told CNN they had no comment on whether any call had been intercepted
One in seven Americans lose parent or sibling before age of 20
The U.S.
Health regulations at the local level can have a measurable effect on public consumption
Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year?
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two mass graves
The Alabama teen disappeared during a trip to Aruba in 2005
Rep.
U.S.
U.S.
NEW: Faisal Shahzad was arrested at JFK airport in New York
Whether the audio quality of CDs is greater than vinyl remains a hotly debated topic
Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal win their opening matches on the 2010 ATP Tour circuit
UniFirst Corp.
The short film reunites the creative team behind the blockbuster
A bank vault is being used to store medicine, now that the pharmacy is gone
Richards is not living with Ken, the boyfriend who was introduced as her love interest
U.S.
As of this writing, Sheen's Twitter account, has more than 1.3 million followers
U.S.
The group is the brainchild of "American Idol" judge Simon Cowell
The operatic quartet's new album, "The Promise," debuted atop the UK charts
Russian officials agreed to forgive 90% of the more than $30 billion Cuba still owed
U.S. stock futures tumble around 1.7% in early electronic trading
O.J.
Air Force plans to award contract to build Long Range Strike Bomber later this year
The U.S.
The event was organized by a carmaker from Indiana to showcase its plug-in hybrid
John D.
Bayern Munich are through to the group stage of the Champions League
It comes on the heels of several school-related violent incidents
Dr.
"I think I'm a better doctor than I am a husband," Oz, 51, tells Winfrey in January's issue
The January issue of "O" will hit newsstands December 13.
38% of Americans identify themselves as independents, according to a 2012 study
CNN iReport asked independents why they refuse to align with a party
U.S.
Constitution allows temporary appointments during a recess, without congressional approval
Back pain is the second most common cause of disability in the U.S. after arthritis
Men arrested on charges of disorderly conduct, burglary and theft
Starbucks joins an increasing list of brands and chains to offer free Wi-Fi in its stores
Starbucks will bring quality content that is usually behind a pay wall to customers
"I want to grow, but I'm not going to grow for the sake of growth," Emil Congdon says
Vito died Wednesday night after a long battle with pancreatic cancer
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
Almost 75% of the student population last year took up private education
South Korea's obsession with academic success is rooted in Confucianism
The inequal distribution of wealth dropped to the lowest in the Americas during his tenure
Foxconn admitted that interns as young as 14 worked at one of its Chinese plants.
Almost half a million commuters depend on the railway system in greater Jakarta
Sen.
Sen.
Haitians have celebrated Carnival through dictatorships, military coups and bloodshed
Dubai World said to account for $59 billion of Dubia's $80 billion debt
Blind women being trained to use their sensitive touch to detect breast cancer lumps
U.N.
USDA says 1 million fewer students are eating federal lunches since 2012
They are accused of stringing a rope between poles across a road
The U.S.
U.S.
Calderon, a Democrat, represents the city of Montebello
Maho Beach on St.
She stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic
The attack occurred around 3:30 p.m.
Rafiq Husseini accused of using power of his office to extract sex from female job seeker
Queen Elizabeth a YouTube hit after apparently losing her temper with Berlusconi
They have already released a line of school supplies with Office Depot
Daisey issued a statement about the incident on his personal blog
Dr.
There were no U.S.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack
Istanbul derby between Besiktas and Galatasaray abandoned due to crowd trouble
Michael Bublé's "Christmas" surged from Number Eight to Number Two
"Monty Python Live (Mostly)" concluded Sunday
U.S.
Public records show city signed $432,900 contract for typewriter maintenance
"It's so antiquated," said one officer
Lukas Podolski pulls goal back for Germany with his third strike in two games
Rep.
Rep.
Pappert's attorney issued a statement saying the officer was sorry
Catalino Pineda one of five arrested in arson investigations this week
U.S. military has 18 helicopters flying aid missions to Pakistan's Swat district
U.S.
Last year's winner, "Please Look After Mom" by Shin Kyung-sook, sold more than two million copies
Kwiatkowski, 32, is accused of infecting at least 30 people
Maersk Alabama is first U.S.
Phobias are No.
Illinois Senate voted 59-0 on Thursday to remove Blagojevich from office
The series of paintings are said to part of a "visual journal" made by the singer
The driver turned it into police, who then tried to track down the rightful owner
Hong Kong law dictates that after three months, the police may return property to the finder
Osama bin Laden warned followers to take precautions against drone strikes
American Archbishop James M.
Fayyad was appointed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in 2007
The Thai military instated the curfew when it seized power after months of unrest
It had been lifted in more than 30 provinces and districts, including tourist hotspots
One U.N.
It also allegedly planned to raise funds to help extend its activities
NBC announced earlier that it will partly restock its lineup with a few new comedies
She faces felony charges of unlawful restraint, cruelty and bias intimidation
The pilot faces up to 10 months in prison, federal prosecutors say
South Sudan voted to split from the north in January
Paya was known far beyond Cuba for his criticisms of the island's socialist government
Spc.
The trial of three Al Jazeera journalists is adjourned until May
Australia, France and the UK also participated in the aid drop
Infantino issued a recall Wednesday of two baby slings, offering replacement slings
U.S.
The state forestry division has 15 days to appeal the citations
Big Three's financial woes have had impact on Michigan economy
U.S.
District Judge G.
Retired Gen.
Spanish judge indicts three suspected former Nazi concentration camp guards
Republican Sen.
Aso's approval rating at 11 percent, the second lowest ever for a Japanese PM
The MPAA handed a PG-13 rating today to "The Dark Knight Rises"
It does provide us with a tantalizing indication for what may be in store
Gov.
The incident started when several players complained of headaches
Agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution.
Burkino Faso have been cleared to play in the Africa Cup of Nations
Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg will executive produce and write the pilot
46,000 pages released by William J.
Supported by coalition air strikes, the Kurds swept down to seize the area late last month
In two days, the Peshmerga say, ISIS sent 20 vehicle bombs up the road
Sandy Clubb said she was told, "It all came down to your backyard"
U.N.
Church been badly shaken by allegations of widespread child abuse by clergy
The annual exercise involves about 530,000 troops
The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk
"Anger Management" was just picked up for a 90-episode renewal
The premiere was the most-watched basic cable scripted comedy debut in history
the series overall has averaged 4.5 million viewers
The BBC will pay Lord McAlpine £185,000, or about $293,480
St.
U.S.
U.S.
Mitsubishi turned it into a mining facility housing workers and their families
U.S.
Renault unite with Ferrari with a threat to boycott the 2010 Championship
"Blanchisseuses souffrant des dent" was taken in 1973 from the Malraux Museum
U.S.
Beckham dressed stylishly -- if a little too flamboyantly for many tastes
U.N.
Sens.
Sen.
North Carolina Gov.
The associate was actually a source assisting law enforcement
Seven survivors and 24 bodies pulled from water, Anadolu news agency reports
Spc.
Queen Victoria was the first monarch to use anesthesia in childbirth
Prince William was the first heir to the British throne to be born in hospital
Jamall Turner is one of two suspects in the shootings
A Connecticut rabbi discovers $98,000 in a desk he bought on Craigslist
Morakot's winds were clocked at 118 kilometers per hour (73 mph) in its eye
Nearly 1 million people evacuated from Fujian and Zhejiang provinces
The party won 80% of the legislative seats in 1990
Emmanuel Adebayor quits international football in wake of deadly gun attack on Togo bus
World No.
The attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location
Real IRA, a dissident republican paramilitary group, claimed responsibility
4,200 U.S. military personnel currently supporting operations, 6,300 scheduled by Monday
The patient is at Hackensack University Medical Center for further evaluation
The iceberg, measuring 140 square km cleaved off an ice shelf nearly 10 years ago
He wished he had been able to do some of the flips
Kardashian is a reality star with 18 million Twitter followers
Texas office and storage unit of Dr.
He said he is willing to lead the investigation in a "truthful, unbiased fashion"
168 people have vanished from cruise ships and ferries in international waters since 1995
Malala Yousufzai is being treated in the United Kingdom at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital
Gen.
Authorities are testing food and drink samples from the event
The Spaniard left Liverpool last month
Hundreds of Christians pack Church of the Nativity Thursday for midnight Mass
But there is a silver lining in this slow down
Most significant upgrade to Blekko's search engine is the addition of slashtags
The defendants include the son of U.S.
Civilians are "frequently caught in indiscriminate fire" from Ethiopian snipers
About 6% of women and 5.5% of men are compulsive buyers
Compulsive shopping sometimes goes hand in hand with alcoholism and eating disorders
Both messages end with the words "love you" to the victim
Malik said FHM doctored the photographs to show her without clothes on
But FHM India says Malik knew the terms all along and approved the photos
National Transportation Safety Board questions safety of the Zodiac CH-601XL
FAA had no immediate response to the safety board's recommendation
The U.S. government has pressed for Liu's release.
The outbreak in Ohio began with a mission trip to the Philippines
Clinton: "When did I say that and to whom did I say that?"
Baghdatis was down two sets when he let loose with a spectacular outburst
NEW: Holperin said the remaining 13 absentee Democrats will be returning individually
Sen.
Inter Milan held to a goalless draw by Genoa in San Siro
They will be honored at "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute," which airs live December 2
Texas Gov.
Four U.S.
U.S.
Dr.
Sen.
Facebook announced an upgrade to its "lean" mobile site m.facebook.com
This upgrade integrates the full range of features found for smartphones
The Pakistani military is fighting Taliban militants in the country's north
Sen.
Expanded testing across India shows 2,000 percent jump in child HIV cases
Increase in confirmed cases may be due to the expanded testing
Rivers stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic Thursday
Huckabee vastly outspent by Romney, who poured millions of dollars into campaign
Ullah is the latest Pakistani to be accused of blasphemy
Last year, the average Swiss person traveled about 2,000 miles by rail
A trial court handed down the death sentence last year for Kasab
Hear the latest arguments in the debate over U.S. health care reform
Review the details of a court case that could impact U.S.
Find out how one inventor hopes to quench concerns about clean water
U.S.
Antara News Agency said two people were killed when convoy was attacked
Kaka currently in Brazil with the national team ahead of a World Cup qualifier
Talks are expected to resume in mid-January with new proposals
Burkina Faso goalkeeper Abdoulaye Soulama sent off in the second half
Democrats running for Senate seats in four key states are in dire straits
But Democrats running for governor in three states are competitive or leading
Gazprom business accounts for 10 percent of Russia's gross domestic product
Cambridge asks applicants: "What would you do if you were a magpie?"
Match was Pakistan's first in India since the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks
A religious group staged a demonstration outside the show's studio last year
"There's nothing greater than for a family member to receive an organ"
The budget battles ahead will only be further complicated by the 2012 campaign
Most of Canada's 2,500 troops in Afghanistan are in Kandahar province
The Canadian mission in Afghanistan was to end next February
A joint venture between design teams at MIT's Tangible Media Group and the Fluid Interface Group have incorporated the social network into a garment
The group of MIT students behind the project wanted to look at ways of seeing how social media worked outside the confines of the computer screen
Groups that need to find each other in a crowd -- from industry conferences to people who are part of a niche interest -- are likely to want to use the clothing
The series of strips ran nationally this week
If convicted, she faces up to 15 years in prison and a possible $250,000 fine
Jackson identified as "Senate Candidate 5" in complaint against Blagojevich
His history of lung problems dates to when he was a political prisoner
Malta is a hub for immigrants from Africa trying to reach Europe
Nearly 1,000 were without power, according to Baltimore Gas and Electric
Arthur Redelfs and wife, Lesley Ann Enriquez, killed in a drive-by shooting in Juarez
U.S.
Bahrain made headlines after pro-democracy protests sparked a government crackdown
The sight of columns of smoke rising from an artillery strike sent a frisson of real fear
Seoul itself lies in range of massed, long-range North Korean artillery
An estimated 350 contract workers at PCCW walk off the job for a half-day
It was not immediately clear why the raids were conducted and authorities declined to elaborate
Opponents of the amendment regroup Wednesday to decide the next course of action
Al-Bashir visited Kenya last year
Long-term sleep problems may exacerbate other chronic medical conditions
Plane was on a routine flight from Kinsasha to the eastern city of Goma
U.N.
U.S.
Tanker was carrying two million barrels of crude oil worth about $100 million
U.S.
U.S.
A suicide bomber detonates his explosives at the entrance gate
Sundhe Moses was found guilty of second-degree murder for the death of a 4-year-old girl in 1997
He used Facebook to call for an armed march in Washington
"The Girl Who Played With Fire" will not be in theaters late next year
"Dragon Tattoo" screenwriter Steven Zaillian is still working on the script
Do you know a hero?
Kimi Raikkonen claims fourth Belgian Formula One Grand Prix victory at Spa
George H.W.
Steven L.
Ebro is a global producer of rice, pasta and sauces with a large international footprint
Ebro has offset sluggish demand in Europe by expanding into higher growth markets
Most recently Ebro acquired a 25% stake in Riso Scotti for $23.6 million
Staff Sgt.
The 34-year-old has scored 157 goals in 341 appearances since joining in 2004
His brother, Osiel Cardenas Guillen, was the cartel's founder and former leader
Gov.
Crissy Field gives you everything you love about San Francisco in one scenic package
Hernandez is the first TSA officer to die in the line of duty
President Bush raised a record $42.8 million dollars for his second inauguration
There's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like Shibuya, Shinjuku and Akihabara
Former Florida Gov.
Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus, both men of stature and wealth, chipped in to help fund Jesus' ministry.
Sixteen state hospital associations operate Web sites that allow comparisons
In a country where water is scarce, the revelation is crucial
U.S.
Vorayud Yoovidhaya, 27, is a prominent member of one of Thailand's richest families
Police Sgt.
Yoovidhaya's grandfather teamed with an Austrian businessman to create Red Bull
Campaign: Obama has done more to transition to clean energy
Members of King's family stand beside the towering 30-foot statue
The machine can import recipes and scale them to the PicoBrew's setup
60% of Americans support same-sex marriage, according to a May 2015 Gallup poll.
Eyewitnesses say Neda was shot by pro-government Basij militiamen
A growing number of countries around the world now allow same-sex marriage
Millions of barrels of oil flowed from the BP well and into the Gulf region
"They were asking for money in return for the information"
Storm is not expected to make a direct hit on Bermuda
Shenzhou-8 joined up with the 8.5-ton Tiangong-1 343 kilometers above Earth
Traffickers in U.S.
Willis never trademarked her most-famous work, calling it "my gift to the city"
The launch from the USS George H.W.
Olive Riley died Saturday at a nursing home in New South Wales
In her final post, dated June 26, Riley wrote how she felt weak
There are eleven global "top-tier" sponsors of the games, each paying around $100 million
AT&T broadband users soon to face cap on amount of internet data they can download
Traditional DSL users will be capped at 150 GB per month
Amongst the surprises in the acting categories: "Drive's" Ryan Gosling over "Tinker Tailor's" Gary Oldman
Gen.
Barry declared his candidacy on Monday, according to the D.C.
Bangalore Mars Football Club striker Venkatesh collapsed towards the end of a game
The Brazilian international has agreed a three-year extension to his current deal
Alves moved to the Camp Nou from Spanish rivals Sevilla for 29.5 million euros in 2008
Sen.
U.S.
Germany has been at the very heart of the European Union since it began 60 years ago
Togo flew home on January 9 after three of their travelling party were killed and two players seriously injured by a machine-gun attack.
Three of the 12 killed died while shielding their girlfriends from gunfire
"He is a hero.
Former child soldiers testified that Lubanga recruited them to kill, rape and rob
Bryce Harper is less than a month into his baseball career with the Washington Nationals
Wells proved women could sell records singing country songs from a woman's point of view
Daniel St.
St.
St.
The victim lived with his mother, who was Patterson's girlfriend
Suspected ringleader, Narseal Batiste, 35, was sentenced to 13½ years
Defense attorney said he plans to file for change of venue
Obama's other Oval Office address was two months ago
Conflict or "blood" diamonds are illegally traded to fund conflict in war-torn areas
Military officials describe the weekend operation as a devastating blow
Katsav, of the center-right Likud Party, was president from 2000 to 2007
One journalist has just left Homs, and CNN is showcasing what he saw on front lines
They told him what was motivating them in their struggle against overwhelming force
In Baba Amr, many believe real change in Syria will only come from barrel of gun
Rounding out the Top 5 was the Tina Fey/Paul Rudd comedy "Admission"
"As Indonesia's middle class increases in number, more and more people will be traveling"
Prince William has helped the U.S.
"I'm scared.
CNN will speak to Blatter in an exclusive interview in Zurich, on 29 March -- add your question
In March, Charla Nash filed a lawsuit seeking $50 million in damages from the owner
Disinfect bath toys frequently or avoid buying ones that collect water and breed mold
The AAP does not recommend pets for families with children under the age of 5
A Sony spokeswoman had no comment
Formula One world champion Sebastian Vettel extends his deal with Red Bull
If "Lottery Ticket" had as much conviction as laughs, it could have hit the jackpot
Jeffrey A.
Sen.
Rep.
U.S.
Jim Furyk, Steve Stricker, Brandt Snedeker and Dustin Johnson wild card picks
200 cars washed into Sea of Marmara; 800 homes and businesses flooded
U.N.
Consider a new proposal's impact on the U.S. health care debate
Visit a Chinese laboratory to see how an H1N1 vaccine is produced
Test your knowledge of some facts found in the U.S.
"She served as first lady during a very turbulent time," Gov.
Four others were wounded
Roy E.
Menendez has long denied a report that accused him of partying with prostitutes
Former President George H.W.
Director Justin Lin is reportedly attached to direct the film
Capt.
Huffington Post will require readers to identify themselves by name in comments sections
Since its launch in 2005, the Huffington Post has garnered 260 million comments
Analyst: main audience for Wednesday's rocket launch is North Korea's own citizens
Arthur C.
Up to 11 military aircraft, one civil aircraft and 14 ships in Sunday search
Chism pleaded not guilty in December
Democratic candidates in races across the country are distancing from Obama
Memorial Day was a response to unprecedented carnage of the Civil War
President Grant presided over first Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington
McClane proves his love for his wife by killing terrorists
Park Ji-sung and Darren Fletcher also on target for a 7-2 aggregate success
The proposal awaits the signature of Gov.
The gunman was killed
Gen.
World Economic Forum's new Gender Gap Index gives India a dismal scorecard
N95 respirators form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth
U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev.
A primetime episode of "GH" is still a lot cheaper to make rather than an original
But lifestyle shows, unlike soaps, are more relevant and profitable
T.J.
Female protesters marched in three Yemeni provinces on Sunday --Taiz, Shabwa and Sanaa
Assess the problems that Afghanistan faces in assembling a runoff election
Find out how public settings help germs spread from person to person
Examine the rising costs of college and how some students are paying tuition
Helmand province has been the scene of intense fighting this month
Cisse wore Newcastle's jersey last season when it was sponsored by Virgin Money
Twelve nations signed the Antarctic Treaty in 1959; 47 nations abide by it today
Friday marks the fourth anniversary of the night Brown punched Rihanna
Iran is beefing up security to ensure "order and calm" during the two-week festivities
In the past, she said her sexual orientation was a private matter
American golfer and world number six, Jim Furyk, was kicked out of the first FedEx Cup play-off
The voices of CNN correspondents around the world will be prominent
"I brought the stun gun 'cause I wasn't safe," the teen says
About 10,000 albinos in hiding in east Africa over fears they will be dismembered
Comaneci was honored as a Hero of Socialist Labor
Some Danes are bemused by the global reaction to the selfie
Dr.
Lynne last performed on August 27 at 54 Below in New York
Some schools have places for less than 4 percent of applicants
Chinese man executed for keeping six women as sex slaves and killing two of them
Li Hao convicted of murder, rape, illegal detention, prostitution and making pornography
36-year old dug the dungeon in the basement of a residential compound
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti
Over 20-year history, its three platforms have helped more than 75,000 families
Haslem also was charged with speeding and illegal window tint
E. coli O157:H7 is a potentially deadly bacterium that can cause dehydration, bloody diarrhea and abdominal cramps
Google promised $10 million to the best ideas for using technology to improve the world
Kerry admitted that airstrikes alone will not solve the challenge of defeating ISIS
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for independence
S.E.
Endorphins plus fresh air equals a refreshing way to get in better shape
A coalition of rebels ousted President Francois Bozize in March
The story made national news and was the inspiration for the 2012 film "Big Miracle"
U.S.
World No.
World No.
Patek Phillippe -- founded in 1839 and bought by the Stern family in 1832 -- produces around 50,000 watches a year.
A Patek Philippe time piece commands a high price and usually increases in value with age
New York drivers now have one minute to turn off engines if they're adjacent to a school
Islamic Jihad Union is a little-known Uzbek militant group
Bodies found January 12 in apartment in El Reno, Oklahoma
Splash Networks wants to make selecting schools to send an application to easier
AdmissionSplash shows prospective students how likely it is that they will be admitted
The discovery was made in a necropolis southwest of Cairo
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its decades-long fight for Basque independence
ETA is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union
They face charges of public insult against the president
The building is expected to open in about a year and a half
Even a decade or so ago, phones had dull gray screens, clamshell designs or tiny keypads
R.J.
Michael Phelps takes his third gold of the world swimming championships
U.S.
Mississippi Gov.
Ramiro Valdes, 77, is one of only four remaining original rebels led by Fidel Castro in the 1950s
Republican Sen.
Visitors will spend roughly $80 million in meals, transportation, shopping and lodging
Eight-week long push by Al-Shaabab and Hisb-ul-Islam militias prompted exodus
Many fleeing their homes for first time since start of Somali civil war in 1991
Federal law doesn't offer any standard for companies to notify customers following breaches
DES-exposed women 82% more likely to develop breast cancer after 40
Chan holds the Guinness World Record for "Most Stunts By A Living Actor"
Four of Simpson's original co-defendants have struck deals to testify against him
Long Island, New York, had the highest average in the latest survey
Be flexible, go with the flow and have no regrets about missing something
Talks expected to include negotiations on natural gas deal worth $1 trillion
Xavi Hernandez has signed an extended deal with Barcelona
"Marry Him: The Case for Settling for Mr.
U.S.
Typhoon Vicente caused the city to raise its strongest typhoon warning in 13 years
"Gary + Tony Have a Baby" is a documentary that follows the journey of a gay couple as they attempt to become parents
U.S.
World No.
World No.
The path of the total eclipse will stretch across the heart of Asia
Stoke City into the FA Cup final after a 5-0 win over Bolton Wanderers at Wembley
FBI and U.S.
Golf balls found 300 yards from beach and 100 yards from the shore
Western Australian government kills first shark as part of a controversial culling program
Seven people have been killed in shark attacks in WA over the past three years
The case is the first genocide trial in Finland's history
Veterans who had PTSD were 48 percent more likely to die of any cause during the study
Sen.
Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas has defended Fernando Torres
Smartphone air travel apps have been designed with all phases of your trip in mind
FlightTrack Pro pulls vital info like gate changes and weather reports for 1,400 airlines
The fire department responded to 140 calls for wires down
Scotland Yard said arrest is not in response to any immediate risk or threat
"Inventing L.A.: The Chandlers and Their Times" premieres Monday on PBS
The 75-year-old Mendocino Coast oceanfront Little River Inn speaks to romance seekers
Pakistan's population has grown from around 33 million in 1947 to more than 180 million people in 2012
Authorities blame Sinaloa and other cartels for a surge in violence in the region
U.S.
Dr.
"The state government walled us in, so more houses wouldn't be built in the forest"
"At the end of the day, if we get justice, do we really come out a winner?"
A cargo train derailed and crashed into a passenger train
Dr.
Sen.
Roland S.
13,434 cases of flu have been reported to American College Health Association
Arsenal came back from two goals down to claim a 4-2 victory over Bolton at the Emirates Stadium which saw go top of the Premier League.
Liverpool produced a defiant performance to help ease the pressure on Rafael Benitez with a 2-0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur.
Aston Villa beat Blackburn Rovers 6-4 in a thrilling English League Cup semifinal second leg tie to go through 7-4 on aggregate.
Mourners gather in a California church to remember slain Yale student
British engineering company, Ricardo building an engine based on Dearman's design
U.S.
"Nobody in the world would even attempt this, but we did.
The current format, a two-column layout, includes posts on both sides
Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim came out of hiding Monday
U.S.
Antibiotic amoxicillin was no better than placebo at improving symptoms
Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William's baby is due in July, couple announce
If not treated early, uveitis can damage vision and in some cases lead to blindness
Susan G.
Semenya won the 800-meters gold at the World Athletics Championships
Wingsuit flying sees participants glide through the air wearing a specially constructed suit
1,500 government troops had encircled members of the Shining Path in southern Peru
Masked attackers kidnapped dozens of workers in a town early Monday
The St.
J.R.
Dr.
November is National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness Month
About 60% of the nation's 5 million Alzheimer's patients will wander
Wandering can happen at any time, but it's more likely in certain situations
U.S.
Awarded Olympic Order in 2001 for services to the Olympic Movement
St.
St.
U.S.
Sen.
Heather Davis weighed 250 pounds and wore a size 22 at her heaviest
The province has seen longstanding tensions between Uyghur Muslims and Han population
Former U.S.
Mohammad accused of being a member of group that allegedly plotted "violent jihad"
Colorado is one of 14 states where medical marijuana is legal by state law
"Insanity.
Alaska does not require school districts to teach sex ed
Harry S.
The U.S.
$140 million appropriation for U.S.
Napolitano is scheduled to meet with senior U.S. and Afghan officials
Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat calls the visit a deliberate provocation
J.J.
The box office was up nearly 22 percent from the same frame a year ago
U.S.
Africa is on fire right now when it comes to be at the forefront of innovation in mobile
There are 695 million mobile subscriptions in Africa and it is predicted to hit 735 million by the end of 2012
Gov.
New Jersey Gov.
Florida Sen.
Manchester United beat Newcastle 4-3 in a Boxing Day thriller
Follow a massive assault in Pakistan involving tens of thousands of troops
Keep an eye on a major hurricane swirling in the eastern Pacific Ocean
Marvel at the magnitude of what will be the tallest building in the world
"SoA" fan Alison Mosshart joins the Forest Rangers on a cover of "What a Wonderful World"
Kilburn, who was on AWOL status from the Army, has been charged with desertion
Each stop reveals how his wife had sheltered him from bad news about his kids
If you have kids, the likelihood of being an Apple household grows 61%
He faces a possible sentence of 117 years in prison
Italian giants Juventus have completed the signing of Brazil playmaker Diego
U.N.
The Rev.
President George W.
Visit to have taken place amid ongoing tension along Afghan-Pakistan border
The actor previously played Chris Keller on the pay cabler's gritty drama "Oz"
Bread prices went up five-fold as the cost of imports soared with a weakened currency
U.S.
U.S.
A report says Facebook has acquired 750 patents from computer-systems giant IBM
Many tech companies are using patents to generate revenue and discourage competition
A state on Brazil's coast, Bahia is the center of the country's Afro-Brazilian culture
Drums are at heart of the Afro-Brazilian religious tradition of Candomblé
A ton of people have started calling themselves "visionaries" on their websites
Craft a homepage that shows your personality and demonstrates your skills
Ivan Cameron, six, passed away early Wednesday, Conservative Party says
Cameroon defender Rigobert Song the chance to appear at his fourth World Cup
Jeni's Influenza Rx Sorbet is flying off the shelves in Ohio
The government is investing heavily in wind farms and solar technology to reduce carbon emissions
Renewable power to contribute 35% of the country's electricity consumption by 2020 and 80% by 2050
Rep.
About 400,000 commuters use BART every day
Coburn is one of six senators in bipartisan talks on deficit reduction
They also plan to roll out 6 billion euros to the hardest hit countries
EU Employment Commissioner Lazlo Andor says 'there is no silver bullet'
Poll: Russians are the most likely to turn to cigarettes to lose weight
No one, including kids, should travel without a lightweight, rolling duffel
Arizona Gov.
One World Trade Center is expected to be completed next year or in early 2014
Sen.
Kevin Ward Jr.
World Bank's estimate of China's economic growth is about 7.5 percent
He will be eulogized at the Friendly Temple Missionary Baptist Church in St.
The Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded 91 times since 1901
The winner will be announced Friday morning in Oslo, Norway
The ship weighs in at more than 114,000 gross tonnage
About 4,200 people were on board the ship when it ran aground
U.N.
St.
Liu has been one of China's most prominent dissidents since 1989 Tiananmen Square protest
Liu was sentenced to 11 years in prison for his role in a separate subversion case
Brown is on probation for a felony domestic violence conviction involving Rihanna
New York Rep.
Only 12% said they had a positive view of the United States
You've heard many different places mentioned this week on CNN Student News
Show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue
Hezbollah is the largest Shiite Muslim political movement in Lebanon
U.N.
Designation provides highest level of government protection from commercial use
Critics say NASA should skip the moon and set its sights directly on Mars
Cpl.
U.S.
Over the past three years a drought has affected large swaths of the U.S.
The speech is considered a way for Kim Jong Un to try and win over a new generation
100 investigators from North and South Carolina working the case
Miss Dominican Republic, Ada Aimee De La Cruz, was named first runner-up
The first-person shooter picks up where "Killzone 2" left off
Microsoft has teamed up with Nokia, the biggest cell phone maker in the world
The new trailer premiered Thursday night
Israel defends right to prevent flow of weapons into Gaza
European giant unveiled Concept Cabin ahead of "Le Bourget" Paris Air Show
Airbus says Concept Cabin is "inspired by nature" and will be 100% recyclable
He was believed to be in imminent danger of injury or death
It's already been used in games the past several years by Major League Soccer
The Taliban had vowed to disrupt the voting
Since 2006, 119 monks have self-immolated in protest against Chinese policies
He was part of a pioneering group of personalities who helped establish television
Zakieya L.
The board's aim is to shift U.S. policy away from responding to atrocities to preventing them
Lionel Messi is favorite to land the gong after recently winning the Ballon d'Or award for European Player of the Year
Two students have been identified as being involved in the postings
Police arrest seven men Monday on charges of sexual harassment
His mother left an estate worth £21 million ($35 million)
U.S.
The most states ever won by a presidential candidate is 49
The U.S.
U.S.
15 people have been killed in an explosion in a village in southern China
The U.S.
The picture fell by 38 percent from Friday to Saturday
A dedicated Hangouts page has also been added to the site so people can have quick access
Red Cross reports people being burned alive
The 8-foot cannon is one of 25 found since the vessel's discovery in 1997
Gov.
Only recently have authorities in Myanmar admitted to an HIV/AIDS problem in the country
People recorded what happened on their cell phones and provided video to authorities
Cahall was inspired by openly gay professional athletes
A 10-year-old boy was taken into custody after police suspect he killed his mother
Deborah L.
China rallying around hurdler Liu Xiang after he failed to pass first-round heat
The movie itself grossed $155 million in its first weekend
U.S.
ABC's telecast delivered 13.2 million viewers, up 6 percent from the 2011 telecast on Fox
Gov.
The U.S.
Republican Gov.
If the power goes out, you can't use a cordless phone to make or receive calls
He is the nephew of Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha, head of the Anbar Awakening Council
African heads of state and foreign envoys attend the ceremony
Pakistani man using "colonel" as a title is wanted over Mumbai attacks
Authorities say only surviving suspect faces charges, including murder
Japanese Foreign Ministry confirms Shinichi Nishimiya, 60, died on Sunday
Pvt.
Army Pvt.
Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated.
Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion
6,500 people march in Hong Kong to protest media censorship
The U.S.
Lt.
U.S.
43 items were taken, with a value of about £40 million, or about $65 million
Texas is getting four new congressional seats
The pipeline is intended to carry crude oil from Canada to the U.S.
U.S.
Rep.
Children young as 4 months treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries
Sri Lankan President has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians
More than 10,000 people have arrived on Italian shores from Libya since last weekend
He acted in several movies, including "Daylight" and "Rocky V" with his father
Jennifer Aniston chopped her long layers into a one-length bob
Vatican says Pius XII worked behind the scenes to save Jews from the Holocaust
Forbes magazine ranked Picower No.
Mercedes-Benz will head up their own Formula One team from next season
They are accused of stringing a rope between poles across a road
Haiti has been mired in extreme poverty and instability for years
The 2012 Grenada Sailing Festival begins on Friday
The crystal blue sea is a haven for sailors, swimmers and scuba divers, keen to race, relax and explore
U.S.
Former South Carolina Gov.
The overwhelming majority of strikes have targeted North and South Waziristan
The United States does not comment on suspected drone strikes
U.N.
American Airlines is waiving rebooking charges for travelers using 18 Northeastern airports
Government Accountability Office estimates NASA may need an additional $400 million
The first black African to break onto the international stage
He had run six races in just eight days despite a gallbladder infection
Spears joins the Fox singing competition still riding the success of her seventh studio album
Spears hasn't been accessible to her fans since she was placed in a conservatorship
Despite the peace and stability of the past 20 years, storm clouds are looming
A.S.
Sen.
NEW: A sixth train broke down Saturday after Eurostar tried to run four trains from London
In July, Islamists stoned a man and a woman to death for committing adultery
Earl Woods Jr.
Here are five games worth checking out when they hit mobile devices later this year
The United States is using drones and manned surveillance aircraft in Nigeria
Emily Browning plays Lucy, a college student who takes on a series of menial jobs
Lucy has the willpower to dissociate mind from body -- to mentally switch off
Most trade between Cuba and the U.S. is outlawed by latter's 52-year embargo
The delegation met owners of small businesses in Cuba
The iPad is still the first, and best-selling, product of its kind
Apple now has 300 retail stores worldwide selling iPads directly to customers
Kuhn: "An intern is basically someone who is hiding in plain sight.
NEW: The jury is expected to reconvene Wednesday at 10 a.m.
The strikes appeared to be coordinated
United Nations, citing media reports, said at least 58 people died
"There is no such thing as a no-risk strategy," Rep.
Children as young as 3 or 4 can show signs of OCD
Many people are now heavily relying on aid agencies to provide basic amenities.
14,000 people may have received the injections, the CDC says
About 1.1 million people in the U.S.
Matthew McConaughey plays a criminal defense attorney in the movie adaptation of "The Lincoln Lawyer"
Pakistani military officials say NATO forces knew they were firing at Pakistani troops
Sen.
GOP Sen.
Democratic Sen.
The IRS asked to see private pages that were "accessible only to your members"
The Indiana TEA Party is another conservative group that says it received similar scrutiny
Do you own a wrap dress?
Amir also claimed he was influenced by rightist Israeli politicians
Twenty five artists from 20 countries took part in the production
He is no longer connected with the company that bears his name
Wallace was communications director for President George W.
U.S.
When she grows up, she said, she hopes to do "anything to do with art"
"Marvel vs.
The U.S.
Italian Prime Minister says it would be "best" for country's troops to leave Afghanistan
Spec.
U.S.
Relations between the Christian minority and Muslim majority within Egypt are tense
It originally failed to gain approval because of a filibuster by Democratic Sen.
Republican Gov.
Critics of the measure say it would shut down most abortion clinics in Texas
The military isn't the reliable source of employment that it used to be
Those charged have been moved to a different base in Afghanistan
The 30-year-old woman, surnamed Huang, allegedly colluded with a obstetrician
The case came to light in August after the boy's grandmother alerted police
Sen.
U.N.
The post of president is largely ceremonial.
"No positive spin is possible.
Gov.
India regards the communist rebels as its gravest internal security threat
Haslam's Democratic counterpart will be elected next month
The Pontiff laments the suffering of people in conflicts currently making headlines
Foremost, he asks that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria
As of Sunday, there have been 488 dolphin strandings from New York to North Carolina
Sheikh Ahmed bin Zayed Al Nahyan missing since plane crashed into lake in Morocco
Maj.
"These men were abused and put under some of the most horrific conditions"
Up to 10% of the population will have at least one seizure, World Health Organization says
Seizures occur when the electrical system of the brain malfunctions
Rafael Nadal has been drawn to play Novak Djokovic, Tomas Berdych and Andy Roddick
Dr.
Dr.
Csatary was accused of sending 15,000 Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp
Sen.
U.S.
American and US Airways recently announced their $11 billion merger
Sen.
Gov.
"It took 10 years to realize you were part of history," said Lenny Eisenberg
Prosecutors will seek a special sentence of life in prison
The U.S.
Ahrar al Sham is a Sunni Muslim group that is not on a U.S.
Dubai has created a name for itself in finance, tourism and logistics
Environmentalists are encouraged by President Obama's focus on renewable energy
Sen.
Cleveland Browns wide receiver Tuesday pleaded guilty to DUI manslaughter
Sen.
Do you know a hero?
The card game has raised more than $4 million online
China has the world's largest online population with over 591 million Internet users
De Blasio was ceremoniously sworn in shortly after midnight outside his Brooklyn home
Texas Gov.
"It's a really small, important physical representation of a horrific thing"
U.S.
Michael Jackson's "Bad" will be reissued in a deluxe edition on September 18
The set, titled "Bad 25," will features three CDs, a DVD and two booklets
Israel says this is a valuable pre-emptive tool in its ongoing war on terrorism
Thursday was the ninth day of the ninth month of the 99th year since the founding of Taiwan
March has landed the part of Natalie in CBS' "Baby Big Shot."
March's character is "Spence-educated Manhattan royalty," a high-ranking law firm associate
A recent survey revealed that 86 percent of Americans have been the victims of rude behavior
U.S.
U.S.
The House recently approved the budget designed by Rep.
"Push and Shove" leans toward synthpop-flavored ballads
The band sounds at home on the title track, a ska/dub fusion
Republican lawmakers are already criticizing much of what the White House is proposing
Blair Scott sent a text warning to his daughter at Buckhorn High School
Jordan Matson, a former U.S.
U.S. law enforcement officials say it's illegal for an American to join a Syrian militia
Vick will serve last two months of sentence in home confinement
Vick, 28, pleaded guilty in 2007 to bankrolling a dogfighting operation in Virginia
Rear Adm.
Sen.
Chaos has rocked Mali since a military ruler overthrew the president in March
Lucy Grace Hojnacki was reportedly born just after 9:30 p.m.
Gen.
One French citizen, one Belgian and three Malians are killed
TV Everywhere represents alternative -- and possible threat -- to popular Hulu model
Eleven European countries, including France, Germany, Italy and Spain are signed up to a Financial Transaction Tax
Sri Lankan military said Sunday it had captured last rebel stronghold
Space X is paying for all the development costs
Dr.
Home Office named only 16 of those on the list
Army Maj.
She is also being charged with four counts of attempted murder
Kim Clijsters beats Justine Henin in special exhibition match in Belgium
Heather A.
"My dad taught us that family comes first.
Many medical centers have come around to the importance of an integrative approach
"The Tonight Show" hit a seven-week high in total viewers with 3.52 million
As it now stands, Leno has outranked "Late Show with David Letterman"
The ratings bump came as Leno began taking nightly jabs at his employer
Donetsk is west of the area where Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed Thursday
She's front-loaded "Unbroken" with R&B, shy love-in-this-club tracks and Timbaland bangers
Vick, 28, pleaded guilty in 2007 to bankrolling a dogfighting operation in Virginia
The United States considers Iran a state sponsor of terrorism
U.S.
The search for the missing Boeing 777 has gone on for eight weeks now
In 2013, more than 750,000 people participated in a running competition or marathon
Some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fighting
She played the baroness who wanted to send the von Trapp children to a boarding school
"No demonstration at all in the streets," he tells ABC and BBC in a joint interview
Veteran American Paul Goydos cards a 12-under-par 59 in the John Deere Classic
U.S.
President Franklin D.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows
The president of Toyota said he takes full responsibility for safety issues
Lee was found guilty of leading a secret group of 130 members with alleged links to North Korea
Botanists believe they have discovered one of the world's largest carnivorous plants
Philippine National Police (PNP) on nationwide full alert since last week
President Obama has written another letter to Iran's Supreme Leader
Stanford is the tycoon who bankrolled the cricket Twenty20 Super Series
Without the adjustment, time measured by atomic clocks and time according to the Earth's rotation will start to deviate
Bryant used an expletive and an anti-gay slur about a referee
Security Cabinet voted 11-2 in favor of the measure which calls for a 10-month freeze
Israel under pressure -- particularly from United States -- to halt settlement construction
Continued construction a key stumbling block in restarting Israeli-Palestinian peace talks
It has wings devoted to religious, military, political and security activities
Clark has been the young titan of Texas blues, coming out of Austin in the early 2000s
Sen.
R.
Adm.
Do you know a hero?
The goal of the project is to create healing spaces by and for survivors
NASA's launch of the Mars Science Laboratory delayed until 2011
Mars Science Lab is a large rover designed to traverse long distances
The miniseries' two-hour cable network premiere was seen by 13.1 million viewers
If you include the show's repeat, the viewership rises to 14.8 million for the night
Rogers weighed exactly 143 pounds every day for the last 30 years of his life
Prosecutors portrayed him as a jealous man who murdered the three in a rage
Sen.
The public debt of the U.S.
The move comes one day after the U.N.
It sets the stage for the Palestinian Authority to possibly pursue war crime complaints
Prince Michael Jackson has a driver's license, girlfriend and ambition to start a career
Funassyi's origins lie in his YouTube channel
Memorial Day was a response to unprecedented carnage of the Civil War
President Grant presided over first Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington
"Happily Divorced" has just booked two TV greats -- Rosie O'Donnell and Dan Akyroyd
O'Donnell will play Katie O'Grady, an old high school friend of Fran (Drescher)
Akyroyd plays a potential love interest that Fran's ex Peter (John Michael Higgins) sets up for her
Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia and are currently holding 11
Robert Downey Jr.
"To the people of this great city, I want to offer a public apology"
Brazil coach Dunga sacked after their World Cup exit to Netherlands
Sen.
He has pleaded not guilty to crimes against humanity and war crimes
Prosecutors allege he fueled a bloody civil war in Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone
Mellencamp has never sounded looser or easier on a record
"Shining a laser into the cockpit of an aircraft is not a joke," FAA says
Taliban claimed responsibility for attacks near the Safi Landmark Hotel in Kabul
U.S.
George W.
U.S.
Boko Haram has attacked various targets in the nation since 2009
He was killed along with his father, who was the group's spiritual mentor
A slew of better Android devices are about to invade the market
Android smartphones are outselling iPhones thanks to multitude of manufacturers
Apple has remained mum on whether Siri will ever be ported to other devices
Siri voice analysis would be far more challenging on a Mac computer
Average THC content has soared from less than 1% to nearly 13%
Another bomb hit a minibus carrying laborers in eastern Falluja, officials said
Ronald C.
Children at risk because of size, immature judgment, lack of experience
NEW: He had had surgery in 2010 and claimed he was having adverse symptoms
Dr.
Spanish police say Ilincic is a suspected member of the Pink Panthers gang
The U.S.
The Chicago Architecture Foundation conducts more than 70 different tours
Some of America's most influential architects worked in the Windy City
Mandelson: "Thankfully, it wasn't paint and I've come through it intact"
The immediate impact of ruling is that it will allow states to resume executions
"This is a big deal, and it's absolutely the right first step," U.S.
The monument is closed indefinitely while engineers assess the damage
"I was scared for my life," Andrew Young testified Friday
How much freakier the latter Potters would have felt without good ol' Ron around
Jenny Sanford's book, "Staying True," will hit bookstores on February 5
In December, Jenny Sanford released a statement,saying she was filing for divorce
At least 35 banks from around the world have branches there
Britain does not deny that its colonial forces tortured detainees
Member nations that recognize the court's jurisdiction voted for her in December
Gov.
"What a hero.
Dr.
Ronaldo also collected the 2008 European Player of the Year accolade
Rep.
Attack set off chain of events that embroiled all of the world's major powers
Alzheimer's affects 5.2 million Americans and millions more who are caregivers
Symptoms include memory loss, difficulty in performing everyday tasks
Dr.
Dr.
Ford modernized the modeling, leading to the evolution of supermodels
Humans began domesticating cattle, Bos taurus, about 8,500 years ago
Spanish strugglers Almeria claimed a 1-0 victory at home to Deportivo La Coruna
Raptiva's product labeling was revised in October to highlight risks
U.S.
U.S.
Luke Bryan, Sara Evans, Tim McGraw, and Jennifer Nettles are the night's newest additions
The concert will feature a variety of offerings, from solo performances to duets
The U.N.
U.S.
Barclays was fined $450 million last week by British and U.S. regulators
Kendrick Johnson was found dead in his school gym a year ago
Don't sell yourself short for a few bucks.
Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died
Wood drowned in the Pacific Ocean on November 29, 1981
General rush tickets and ticket lotteries are available to last-minute buyers
Two popular musicals offer onstage seating at a fraction of the standard prices
Meth Project has disturbing ads to wake up kids to the dangers of meth
911 tapes tell of fast-spreading fear among shoppers
The gunman, Richard Shoop, later shot himself in the head
All three men said they have signed statements admitting guilt
Sen.
"It is a show trial, there's no doubt about it," Clinton told CNN's Fareed Zakaria
U.N.
"If we weren't involved in these wars, we would have more freedom," he said
Shriver was fifth of nine children of Joseph P. and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy
Sen.
World No.
Assembly tasked with rewriting the constitution, deciding future political system
Recent research has linked caffeine to a reduced risk of Parkinson's disease
Volunteers have added more than 765,000 records to the database in six months
It will be hosted by Girls Aloud singer Nicola Roberts
It will include appearances by Rihanna herself, though it is unclear how frequently
The bus had left the city of Arequipa about seven hours earlier
Eyewitnesses said a group of gunmen stormed into Mogadishu's Sahafi hotel
Sens.
More than 15 million Americans have some degree of kidney disease
The Ms.
In fiscal year 2011, there were 18,506 U.S.
Fincher estimates that about 350 pages had to go in order to cut the story down
One of the few subplots to get dropped entirely was Blomkvist's romantic liaison with Cecilia Vanger
Inter Milan face prospect of losing Italian league lead to their bitter city rivals
Palermo go two points ahead of Juventus in fourth place
Bulger is accused of 19 killings during a 20-year "reign of terror"
Sen.
The alleged assault took place on September 20 at the Gaylord Texan Hotel
U.N.
Mexican authorities have blamed feuding cartels for similar killings
Michael Schumacher could be set to make a surprise return to Formula One
Some 150 million Indians have no access to clean water, according to government data
Pebble, a smartwatch, blew past the previous Kickstarter record of $3.3 million
Louvre is one of world's biggest repositories of ancient Egyptian antiquities
ALA counted 327 reported attempts to restrict or remove books from schools and libraries
Sen.
Italy held to 1-1 draw by New Zealand in Nelspruit
Leandro Benitez scores both goals as Estudiantes de La Plata beat Pohang Steelers 2-1
Tomb of the Patriarchs is known to Palestinians as Ibrahimi mosque
Tomb revered by Jews and Muslims as holy and has been a point of frequent conflict
Rachel's Tomb is known to Palestinians as the mosque of Bilal
"Fear has become a friend of mine," he said
Government officials say they cannot stop the centuries-old tradition, despite opposition
Riots occurring from Haiti to Bangladesh to Egypt over surging food prices
More graduates planned to work for a non-profit or teach, or attend graduate or professional school in 2010 than 2009
Sen.
In place of room service the hotel is trying out a cafeteria-style restaurant
President Mamadou Tandja is said to be detained in a military camp
President Obama signed an executive order allowing sanctions
St.
Strait of Malacca links the Indian Ocean to the South China Sea and Pacific Ocean
This year, there have been 26 recorded cases of polio around the world
Marti told group of leaders to do better job to protect other children like his son
Staff Sgt.
"It ought to be a shock to all of us, as a nation and as a people," Obama says
Ryo Ishikawa will donate tournament earnings to the victims of Japan's tsunami
Ishikawa, 19, will also donate $1,200 for every birdie he achieves
Trevizo: "None of us are entirely safe from organized crime.
Twilight: The Musical" will make its off-Broadway debut as a one-night-only staged reading
Besiktas claim Turkish league title with 2-1 win over Denizlispor
No.
Sparks tours the country with rabbi/comic Bob Alper and Muslim comedian Azhar Usman
Bishop T.D.
Bush has expressed interest in writing a memoir and hitting the lecture circuit
Lt.
The Canadian star got a standing ovation during the speech
The Rev.
Nearly 1,000 were without power, according to Baltimore Gas and Electric
U.S.
Service is partially a response to the closure of all bridges from Virginia to D.C.
Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared during family vacation in Portugal
The FBI called North Korea's actions "outside the bounds of acceptable state behavior"
The mansion featured in the 1972 film "The Godfather" is for sale
Owner Jim Norton put the Staten Island home on the market after his father passed away
U.S.
$795 million in grants and loans funded by 2009 economic stimulus act
The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours
Gov.
President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping wrap their Sunnyland summit
Aides say the location offered the two leaders a quiet place to work through a range of issues
U.S.
Egypt -- the Arab world's most populous nation -- is seeking a rescue loan of $4.8 billion
Egypt is grappling with a high unemployment rate of 13% and a young workforce
Sen.
"I didn't see the kangaroo, and it didn't see me," he says
Calls for Lee Wan-koo to resign began after South Korean tycoon Sung Woan-jong was found hanging from a tree in Seoul
Sung, who was under investigation for fraud and bribery, left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top officials
Unpredictable and capricious, Australia's bush fires are an erratic phenomenon
Real Mallorca's hopes of qualifying for Champions League dented by Tenerife defeat
Some 18,750 people faced death sentences in 2011, while at least 676 people were executed
Countries in the Middle East recorded a steep rise -- 50% up compared to previous year
United States the only member of the G8 group of leading economies to execute prisoners
Dr.
It suggests a fourth type of ancient human who lived in Asia long before Homo sapiens
"There's a lot of sadness and deprivation, but there's a lot of beauty in it as well," she said
Virginia's premier wine country spreads out around the city of Charlottesville
If you're still using Internet Explorer, stop!
Sen.
To gain her black belt, Varsha had to learn up to 15 katas
Varsha trains for at least two hours every day but has time for other games
U.S.
A court on Tuesday approved the extradition
It has received $91 million in funding from investors including Accel Partners
They started dating in 2006, and the Brazilian model is the mother of his two children
Sudan claims the oil fields in the town of Heglig
Texas Gov.
Quentin Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds" landed at No.
At number five, "G.I.
American Robbie Rogers was the first openly gay male athlete to play in a U.S.
The study analyzed 1.6 million mammograms taken at 90 radiology facilities
Southeast Asia's top diplomat has warned that the South China Sea disputes risk becoming "Asia's Palestine"
The world's wildlife has declined by 27 percent since 1970 because of humans
Pollution and overall climate change are other factors causing loss of wildlife
Even without eight children, all couples encounter tension in relationships
The 11 suspects identified Monday include one woman and 10 men
Peter Hedblom wins Johnnie Walker Championship by one shot in Scotland
Eight government troops killed, at least 28 soldiers injured in Abyan province
In separate incident, six suspected al Qaeda fighters killed in government air raid
U.N.
The ship sailed right through the area where the island was supposed to be
D.C.
Angry protests in several cities around the world on Sunday against Israel
He is making his campaign official slightly earlier than is typical for an incumbent
Sen.
Elan Gale, producer of "The Bachelor," is under heat for his live-tweet-turned-hoax
The game allows players to build and develop their own cities, countries and civilizations
Rep.
Dr.
The IOC says riders who finished behind Hamilton in Athens will now be moved up
Conson is forecast to move through the Gulf of Tonkin on Saturday
To endure in the tech world, a company can't just rely on doing one thing well
Gov.
Nearly three dozen aircraft and 40 ships have so far failed to find any sign of the aircraft
Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines
The U.S.
It remains a relative novice in e-commerce in the United States
U.S.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez expelling the U.S. ambassador to Venezuela
U.S.
The U.S.
U.N.
The March 27 incident was publicized days after it happened
Duch is convicted of war crimes, crimes against humanity, murder and torture
Alvaro Palacios gained international fame for two red wines, Finca Dofi, about $100 a bottle, and L'Ermita, about $1,000 a bottle
Most of Palacios' wine from these three appellations costs $18 a bottle or less
The former world No.
Sen.
Arranged marriages are still the norm in India
Koman Willis charged with first-degree murder in the death of Jonylah Watkins
Officials plan to continue the heightened security throughout the week
"Skyfall" director Sam Mendes will direct the commercial as well
Wieden & Kennedy, the agency that brought us The Man Your Man Can Smell Like, is making the ad
Cordy Tindell "C.T."
Mubarak is on trial facing charges of corruption and ordering the deaths of hundreds
An estimated 131,000 veterans are homeless, according to the VA
U.S.
"The bloodshed needs to stop.
What patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals access during exams
U.S.
The terror attacks in India left more than 160 people dead
CNN/Opinion Research Corp.
Walsh is pictured in the colors of the racehorse Seabass
At least five homes were destroyed after the tornado touched down
The method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those, 10 were new
Completing the main quests can be done in less than 5 hours
The movie, like last year's "Valentine's Day," was written by Katherine Fugate
I often found myself laughing at in ridicule, and one that also gave me a lump in the throat
Vacuum cleaners that use more than 1600 Watts can no longer be sold in stores in the EU
Flavia Pennetta's 7-5 6-2 victory over Melanie Oudin in Sunday's opening singles match gave the Italians an unassailable lead
Apache License lets anyone use the code in question as part of proprietary software
Google doesn't try to prevent you from downloading apps of which it doesn't approve
In 1966, Dylan was in a mysterious motorcycle crash near his house in Woodstock
Peru remains second largest producer of coca in the world
Many children lay among the lifeless bodies authorities pulled from the seas
New York judge upholds law restricting assault weapons and large-capacity magazines
Dr.
The charges against Bradley will be presented to a grand jury
Police believe abuse goes back "for several years," with victims as young as 2
Have Mother Nature and Ol' Man Winter gone Jekyll-and-Hyde on us?
18-page memo heavily redacted; 10 of 18 pages blacked out
The heaviest clashes took place in the mountain region of Manakha
Mariam Yehya Ibrahim, 27, was condemned to die by hanging last month
St.
"People have to see these.
All tropical storm warnings on Baja California peninsula were discontinued
North Korea has bristled under international pressure since its third nuclear test
So far, one person has been fired; two more are on administrative leave
"Don't stay long.
Discounts for singles abound in the less busy off-season
Tour companies based in Europe are less likely to charge a supplement
Richard St.
Since 2008, St.
St.
Sen.
Sen.
He is scheduled to meet with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono
Mariska Hargitay in hospital for tests related to collapsed lung
The case highlights the preference among many Indians for sons over daughters
Murphy was nominated for best supporting actor Oscar in 2006
Wawona Packing Co.
Strong winds and rain from the powerful storm have left thousands without power.
The LEGO Foundation -- the charitable arm of the LEGO Group -- has opened a school in Denmark
The school aims to deliver the traditional curriculum required by the Danish government with play-centric teaching
The LEGO Foundation is looking to collaborate with the school to learn more about child development
Source: DNA found in car used to transport market gunman traced to a man in custody
"We have AC.
Six ships -- three passenger and three cargo vessels -- were carrying over 10,000 tons of aid
It has successfully held elections and transferred power on five occasions since 1992
Eighty ambulances were sent to the scene
17 U.S.
Tamil Tiger rebels acknowledge the death of their leader Velupillai Prabhakaran
An estimated 70,000 to 80,000 people have died during the quarter century of fighting
The talk show is getting an 11th and 12th season on the premium cable network
Maher has been a fixture on HBO since his first stand-up special for the network in 1989
Romney: "You never know what a 90-year-old is going to say, do you?"
Sen.
Sen.
T.
The campaign has grown to 25 campuses and raised more than $750,000
But Jenkins may have to accept that he spends the first six months to a year in his new job fighting fires
He was one of tens of thousands who were evacuated
The story itself risks getting overly sweet at this point, but miraculously it never melts into a syrupy wash
There are more videogame cameos and winks than you can shake a Wiimote at
Strikes fueled by higher prices for gasoline, diesel and kerosene
Chengdu police are investigating the death of a Foxconn employee
N95 respirators form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth
Schultz serves on the board of firectors of DreamWorks Animation
A county clerk has given nearly 100 same-sex couples marriage licenses
The case could lead to a reversal of the state's version of the Defense of Marriage Act
Gov.
Sen.
Sen.
Afghan journalist killed in raid, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown says
"I was on the path to not living old and this bothered me," he said
The true cross phenomenon begins with Emperor Constantine, the first Roman emperor to convert to Christianity.
Could fragments of a tree survive millennia?
George W.
Jinan is far away -- more than 780 miles -- from Chongqing, Bo's former powerbase
"Dragon" is a rarity among King's early works: A stand-alone novel that hasn't been previously adapted
"Dragon" follows a teenage prince who is falsely accused of murdering his father
Gamers can race Patrick's vehicle against Sega characters like Sonic the Hedgehog
"Spent a beautiful evening of love making with none other than my husband," the rocker wrote
"In the history of this house, there has never been a night quite like this," Obama says
Mr. and Mrs.
No tsunamis were expected, according to Pacific Tsunami Warning Center
Co-stars Jon Cryer and Angus T.
U.S.
Dr.
Gen.
The tsunami followed a 7.7-magnitude earthquake off the Indonesian island of Sumatra
Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said intelligence wing was gathering information
Hanafi repeated Taliban's pledge to keep girls out of public schools
RootMetrics compared 4G networks from the four major U.S. carriers in 27 cities
Interruptions led doctors to spend less time on the tasks they were working on
France's accident investigation agency, BEA, "dismayed" by the voice recording leak
Dr.
"Latino in America 2: In Her Corner" follows Marlen Esparza's journey to the 2012 Olympics, the first games to allow women to compete in boxing.
Rep.
Taylor is charged with crimes against humanity, including murder, sexual slavery
U.S.
Rep.
Do you know a hero?
Redskins is "an insult to Native Americans," Sen.
People with ADD are more sensitive to the effects of alcohol
The move comes as part of a deal to normalize relations between the United States and Cuba
Cpl.
She had been discharged four years ago, but was recalled
U.S.
U.S.
University of St.
South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war
"I can't breathe," has become a new slogan in protests against police brutality
The Kroger Co.
SPF 15 blocks 93% of UVB rays, SPF 30 blocks 97%
About 3.5 million cases of skin cancer will be diagnosed this year
Gadhafi accuses followers of Osama bin Laden of brainwashing youth of Zawiya
Demetrius C.
She previously married and divorced musicians Tommy Lee and Kid Rock
Rejected suggestions that he was leaving the company over a pay dispute
Giant pandas are one of the world's most endangered species
Detectives are working with J.C.
Robaina's tobacco leaves are considered some of the best in the world
A box of premium Vegas Robaina cigars can fetch more than $500
The outbreak is the deadliest food-borne illness outbreak in the United States since 1998
U.S.
Members of mostly Orthodox Jewish Englewood are less than enthused
Find a plastic surgeon who is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery
U.S.
The move, if true, would strain already stressed trade relations
She will preside over 543 elected members, of which 58 are women
World Health Organization has counted 14,557 cases of H1N1 -- 96 of them fatal
Between 20,000 and 40,000 people in the U.S.
The standard vaccine regimen has been five shots over a 28-day period
Wild animals are by far the most common cause of rabies exposure in the U.S
Gov.
Soaring food prices have triggered violence in some developing countries
If convicted he could a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison.
By 12:01 a.m.
India agreed this month to work toward limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius
The motion needs 240 votes to pass
David Beckham confirms he is almost certain to return to Italian club AC Milan
Doctors Without Borders will conduct trials in Guinea and Liberia
Senate Majority Leader Reid expected to take steps to avoid anticipated filibuster
Zimbabwe's inflation rate of 231 million percent is the world's highest
World No.
Rep.
Sen.
OSHA, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service looking into death
There were no new images of Castro, 86, released Wednesday
Castro reportedly congratulated doctors graduating from a Cuban medical institute
Investigators charged her with criminal possession of a controlled substance
A nearly 200-year-old copy of "The Star Spangled Banner" set to hit the auction block
U.S.
Health officials around the world hailed the decision by Australia's high court
Population declining rapidly because of hunting and diseases like Ebola
UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match ban
Retired Gen.
Jenks starred in, directed and produced "Andrew Jenks, Room 355"
U.N.
There is little transparency in determining the cost of presidential travel
Obama is in Myanmar to attend the ASEAN economic summit
St.
By 2016, the port is expected to be able to manage huge crude carriers, which handle two million barrels per load
Michael B.
L.A.
Gbagbo's government accuses U.N. troops of killing a police officer
The lawsuit demands the Vatican release the names of thousands of Catholic priests
Accused school shooter T.J.
U.S.
Prospect of another massive storm so soon after Haiyan is enough to alarm people
James K.
"Bullitt" is perennially voted one of the best car movies of all time
U.S. interests in Germany were among the targets of the plot
Uzbek militant group, Islamic Jihad Union, claimed responsibility for the plot
"He is nothing short of an assassin."
White House won't comment on petition asking for the pop star to be deported
Heathrow airport expects a record number of passengers on Monday
Nigeria's military began clearing the western Niger Delta region last week
Saddam Hussein's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majeed executed
Al-Majeed had been sentenced to death in four separate trials
Alaska is estimated to have the highest rate of reported rape in the country
Spanish priest who contracted the disease in Liberia will be flown to Madrid
"Rain of Poems" marks beginning of what is being described as biggest gathering of poets
Oscar-winner Philip Seymour Hoffman has been asked to play Plutarch Heavensbee
Hoffman just ended an acclaimed run in Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman"
Powell rejected lethal injection, the state's usual method of execution
"This is beyond any human reasoning or understanding at this time," the sheriff says
The FCC's new rules forbid Internet providers from blocking lawful content
Critics worried that the new Order would leave paid prioritization untouched
More research and discussion is needed about future warming and storms
No students were believed to be involved in the incident
The couple's first child, Prince George, was born in July 2013
At least 1.7 million people died under the Khmer Rouge
The President will make stops in Detroit, Phoenix and Tennessee next week
13 outbreaks and 129 cases have been recorded this year
California is reporting the highest numbers, with 58 cases
C.Y.
U.S.
"Your fall will be just as the fall of the towers on the blessed 9/11 day," filing says
"That means people don't care about what was happening to their ancestors"
The charges stem from an incident last month outside CBS Studio Center
Officers received calls that the couple was having sex in a parked car
The African-American actress and her white boyfriend accused police of racism
Guinea-Bissau, fifth-poorest nation in the world, is called Africa's first narco-state
Ted Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative on fiscal issues
World Bank has previously made $479 million available to Haiti
The west African nation plunged into bloody chaos after a disputed vote
Mexican authorities say they killed cartel leader Nazario Moreno Gonzalez
One of Britain's most critically endangered butterflies is making a comeback
U.N.
U.S.
"I allow some of the men here to flirt with me," she says
Madoff faces one charge of securities fraud and could face up to 20 years in prison
An eruption on the tiny volcanic island of Nishinoshima formed a small islet
That islet has merged with its neighbor and continues to develop
The Syrian army has been fighting units that had defected from the military
He led a group associated with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb
U.S.
Xavier de Rosnay and Gaspard Augé of Justice play a DJ set
U.N.
Recent attacks in Shiite areas have spread fear among Iraqis
Everyone aboard died; a man, his wife and their three children
She died from side effects of treatment from a bone-marrow transplant
Risks far greater for Chinese nationals who can be continually harassed or jailed
Gunman took a dozen hostages in a suburban Chicago bank Friday
Jean was one of the first celebrities to offer aid after the earthquake
Jean shot to fame in the mid-1990s as a member of The Fugees
$10 billion will need to be cut from the Air Force's portion of the President's proposed budget
Rep.
Air Force officials argue the force is currently older and smaller than it has ever been
Real Madrid win 1-0 at Tottenham to reach semifinals of the Champions League
The No.
The United States has already killed a dozen or so ISIS operatives on the list, the official says
An off-duty police officer shot and killed his son in the family home
Phillips, 31, wore a custom Zac Posen gown
The groom's brother Chris Masterson served as best man
Manmohan Singh, India's prime minister, urgently requested a group of cabinet members to review the ban
Cotton prices have risen this year after India banned exports for the second time in two years.
A deadlocked jury would result in an automatic life sentence for Tsarnaev
Pope Benedict XVI will visit England and Scotland from September 16-19
It will be the first state visit to the United Kingdom by a pontiff
Vatican reels from accusations it did not do enough to stop child abuse by priests
Girls compete to become the "hottest, coolest, most famous bimbo"
U.S.
Marchelle Roberts was taken away from her parents when she was 7
D.J.
U.S.
U.S.
World No.
St.
At 7 p.m.
Arsenal striker Robin van Persie misses the trip to Spain with a groin injury
Gen.
The South Korean Navy issued warning messages before firing
The company denies the allegations and calls the plaintiffs "disgruntled former employees"
A 13-year-old boy is under intensive care in Beijing after two adults assaulted him
The last Super Bowl played in Minneapolis was in 1992
Obama administration officials have pushed back against criticism
Rep.
The U.S.
U.S.
Wright had first interview with fan after incident
Dr.
Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho will lead his Italian team into their first European Champions League final in 38 years
"Experience is a great teacher, but often a painful one," he said
The IndyCar Series is examining ways to make the sport safer
Arsenal's English Premier League clash with Bolton has been postponed because of heavy snow in north London.
The playing surface at the Emirates was fit to allow the match to take place on Wednesday evening but there were safety issues affecting fans.
The postponement of the match was the latest football fixture to be hit by the recent harsh weather in Great Britain.
Never in the history of Iranian presidential elections has a wife been in the forefront
"This is the first time after the Revolution we see a lady behind the president"
A refugee is forced to flee his or her home country
NASA officials confident that Discovery's launch will go as scheduled
German Thomas Bach is the new president of the International Olympic Committee
More than 400,000 refugees have fled since the beginning of this year
The game has 60 levels, with more content available through in-app purchases
Diageo employs 72,000 people across more than 200 markets worldwide
Romney: The right course is the one championed by Ronald Reagan
Mrs.
The campaign aimed to promote safe sex
Prostitution is legal in Brazil
CNN will air a special town hall at 8 p.m.
On Monday, "Anderson Cooper 360Â°" will launch a week of reports at 8 and 10 p.m.
More than 450 women have been through the training since the group started it this year
Ebola virus spreads through direct contact with blood, secretions or body fluids
Legacy Locker allows users to set up a kind of online will, with beneficiaries
The break-up theme is front-and-center on "I Won't Give Up," the lead single
Sen.
"Can you shake hands with those who reach out with a fist?"
Turkish television showed footage of gendarme officers raiding the villa
The United States has, by far, the highest rate of gun ownership in the world
BMW Oracle have taken a 1-0 lead in the best-of-three America's Cup series
Gov.
Dr.
Gaga's new album sold about 258,000 copies in its first week
Don't wear Lederhosen made of plastic or cloth.
Universal's "The Lorax" dropped a relatively mild 44 percent for $39.1 million
Thirteen films were selected for top Vimeo awards out of a pool of 14,567 submissions
More than 2,000 pro-government heavily armed tribesmen are stationed in the outskirts of Sanaa
Images of the 32-year-old were splashed across the Shanghai team's official website
The judge's order requires him to report daily to the police station nearest his home
Boxing fans have long sought a fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao
Pacquiao is the first boxer to have won world titles in eight weight divisions
U.S. has held discussions about opening a Taliban office in Qatar
The relocated tissue will grow along with Christine as she matures
Italian title hopefuls Juventus suffer another setback with a 3-1 defeat at Bari
Some tabloids effectively dance on Gadhafi's grave.
Even the left-leaning Guardian recognizes the success of NATO's military campaign
Germany's Die Welt ponders question of how Gadhafi's end came about
HRW: Malaysia is brewing a heady concoction of authoritarianism and intolerance
Wikipearl ice cream and yoghurt were launched in selected Paris stores last June
By Saturday, medical personnel had still not discharged 76 of the victims
New Jersey Gov.
No injuries reported, but a 50-block area was evacuated
Storm is not expected to make a direct hit on Bermuda
Staffers at the South Carolina Aquarium are treating a rare, 475-pound leatherback sea turtle
Swartz faced allegations that he stole millions of online documents from MIT
Critics have said it took too long for dispatchers to alert police
Official: U.S. diplomats had been carrying out "extremely sensitive discussions"
Bergdahl has been held by insurgents in Pakistan since 2009
Maj.
He says Washington is too focused on the safety of Pakistan's nuclear arsenal
Olin "Jack" Armstrong and Jack Hensley were military contractors in Iraq
Handheld gaming enthusiasts have it good thanks to titles like "Puzzle Quest 2"
Sci-fi fans should also have a look at "Transformers: War for Cybertron" on the PC
Indian capital has launched a campaign to discourage urinating in public places
Urinating, spitting and littering in public are punishable with a fine of $10 or more in New Delhi
"This is more about my family and my surgical career," Gupta says
The 44th WEF annual meeting is bringing together more than 2,500 leaders, thinkers and public figures
One airstrike targeted the house of the head of the Gaza police
Hiroshi Yamauchi built Nintendo from a playing-card company into a video-gaming empire
A crew of 15, including medical personnel and meteorologists, will shadow her
Cpl.
ABC Family has decided not to renew "The Secret Life of the American Teenager"
The drama will air the first of its final 12 episodes beginning in March
"Teenager" served as a springboard for Golden Globe-nominated Woodley
Discover some of the topics addressed by the U.N.
Witness the impact of severe flooding across the southeastern U.S.
Consider different opinions on how to fight the war in Afghanistan
Boeing says the company is confident that the planes are safe
Rapid weakening is forecast
Gov.
U.S.
Police are investigating Ferrell's claim that the shooting was justified
Millions of Elvis fans have peered into the planes as part of the Graceland tour
Analysts believe protests in Bahrain could spill over into Saudi Arabia
NBC has ordered a new game show from Howie Mandel
The concept seems to have the tense "take it or leave it" simplicity of "Deal"
Gusty winds and freezing temperatures made the disembarking process difficult
Rima Maktabi travels to Cairo to meet the renowned Egyptian author and feminist, Dr.
In Iraq meanwhile, IME meets two Baghdadi women helping to rebuild their country
Gov.
Analysts describe Shekau as a loner and a master of disguise
Every year, more than 86,000 fall injuries are caused by pets.
Uwayezu arrived in Italy in 1997, took an alias, and was working as a priest
Dr.
O.J.
George W.
Apple admitted that iOS 5 had battery performance issues
A CNN crew spotted police stopping the two men Thursday afternoon
The big cat glares and growls at the young girl just inches away from her face
Some protesters broke shop windows in and around Taksim Square
Justice Alito did not submit his disclosure form on time, and asked for an extension
Celtic last week called for the resignation of referee Dougie McDonald
Tariq: Mehsud remains in hiding because he is being targeted by U.S.
Gen.
Virginia Rep.
Attack destroyed nine vehicles near the town Landi Kotal in the Khyber Agency
As of the end of November, Airbus has received 778 firm A350 orders from 41 customers
Storm blamed for at least 16 deaths, several from carbon-monoxide poisoning
Paula suggested Nick lose the Michael Jackson choreography and focus on his vocals
He seized power in a 1979 coup, was re-elected in November
Fuller was confirmed to the U.S.
The portrait, by Ralph Heimans, is being taken down until the damage can be remedied
An estimated 20 million Americans are currently infected with HPV
HPV can cause certain cancers of the anus and penis in men
Myanmar accounts for the vast majority of the region's poppy cultivation
Army and inspector general at odds over a testing step called "first article testing"
Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan hit the campaign trail on Thursday
What's going on in eastern Ukraine?
What do the people in the east want?
Is it on the brink of civil war?
Gov.
David A.
Michael J.
Getafe registered their first win of the season with a 2-0 victory over Murcia
Their hits included "Proud Mary" and "I Want to Take You Higher"
R.
Toth was placed on the FBI's "Ten Most Wanted" fugitives list last April
Sen.
Six Nations winners Ireland ended the year unbeaten after defeating South Africa 15-10
Chesley B.
250 firefighters, including teams from Arizona, Nevada and Georgia, are on the scene
Seal is best known for his hits "Crazy" and "Kiss from a Rose"
Almost all of the victims are believed to be from Haiti and the Bahamas
Heogh-Guldberg one of the first marine biologists to link coral damage to climate change
The victim was cleaning cages when a worker nearby heard her screaming
Amy Poehler, smiled at the camera and then promptly ran up onto the stage
A sketch where characters from different shows all popped up at the Dunder-Mifflin office
Ricky Gervais once again faced some of the celebs he slammed
Former President George H.W.
Williams was known for taking on as many projects as he possibly could
The planet, known as CoRoT-7b, was detected early last year
News editor of Zambian newspaper on trial for circulating obscene material
Sen.
E. coli outbreak has sickened 19 people in Michigan, Ohio and New York
"Where in the Quran does it say that girls should not be educated?" she asks
The bell is considered an iconic monument to American independence
The Huffington Post put her on its best dressed list
The Rev.
NEW: Charges of rebellion will be leveled against many of those arrested during martial law
Sen.
India says it has launched a campaign to reduce road-crash deaths
Florida Gov.
"These were demos freely given away by the band.
Pagano, Metra's executive director, made no attempt to step off the tracks
Vick will serve last two months of sentence in home confinement
Vick, 28, pleaded guilty in 2007 to bankrolling a dogfighting operation in Virginia
"Crown Forces Watch" had called for people to post pictures of police officers
The page appeared after a series of recent police raids and arrests
China has linked violence in its far-western Muslim region of Xinjiang to ISIS
Uyghur activists dispute the assertions, pointing to the lack of evidence
U.S.
President Obama has asked Iran to return the drone
U.S. officials have said that the missing drone was part of a CIA reconnaissance mission
Rep.
Over time, small scratches grow to become large cracks like a windshield
Kitsch is already committed to director Peter Berg's Navy SEAL drama "Lone Survivor"
Microsoft and Facebook partnering to integrate Facebook and Bing
Microsoft has been quietly building a social network without anyone actually noticing
James Arthur Ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter
Florida is only state specifically banning all "homosexual" people from adopting
Carlos Tevez wanted by clubs in Spain and Italy as well as Premier League
A firefight between the soldiers and gunmen on the Egyptian side of the border ensued
In six days, the United States government's borrowing authority will be exhausted
Rep.
Rev.
More than 78,000 have fled South Kordofan and Blue Nile states since August
The University of Florida offered him a spot on its team
"People are just getting information that's flat wrong," Sen.
U.N.
Remaining plaintiff claims Travolta groped him during a massage at an Atlanta hotel
Overdose Protection Act applies to those who seek medical help for themselves or someone else
Secessionist movements hinge upon heady mix of national identity, history and economics
Burress was not licensed to carry a pistol
"A 'photographer' almost hit me in the face with his camera this morning," Baldwin tweets
"I don't want anyone to go through what I have gone through"
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
U.S.
The protests started September 17 in lower Manhattan
Rihanna allegedly attacked by her boyfriend, singer Chris Brown, on February 8
The album largely sidesteps the dozen or so post-"Black" recordings
Recorded at home in the spring of 2009, it reveals the singer at her most raw
By definition, a premature baby is born before the 37th week of pregnancy
The United States plans to withdraw all its combat troops from Iraq by August
Keflavik International Airport, Reykjavík International Airport will be closed Friday
U.S.
"Bullies target youth who are unlikely to fight back," says lead author Karen P.
The findings, Kochel says, drive home how important it is for parents to be aware
The Austrian quartet collected an Olympic record points total of 1107.9
Real Madrid close gap on Barcelona to seven points at the top of La Liga
The officer recognized DMX and knew there was an outstanding warrant for his arrest
More than 1 million GE and Hotpoint dishwashers are being recalled after a series of fires
The A-Team," starring Bradley Cooper, is based on the 1980s TV series
The exhibit has a Koala Cam, but Mundu's Houdini-like move was not caught on camera
A rebel group in Congo killed at least 321 civilians, Human Rights Watch said
APOE gene testing is only recommended for people with mild mental functions
Images of the turmoil spread around the world via Flickr and Youtube
Lillo Brancato Jr.
As a teen, Brancato starred alongside actor Robert De Niro in "A Bronx Tale"
The piece, 84 measures in length, is meant to be played "very quick"
A six-week deployment is conventional for rescue pilots
Wilson hinted that the group may reunite in the studio to celebrate their 50th anniversary
Schools were also closed across Iowa and parts of Minnesota
The U.S.
Jordan, which is being inundated by a wave of Syrian refugees, will receive nearly $43 million
U.S.
Rep.
Humphries' girlfriend will be deposed by Kardashian's lawyers in New York Tuesday
John Paul wrote an apostolic letter on suffering in 1984
Rep.
Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal was only candidate
Nepal, 56, is a former general secretary of the Communist Party
Pushpa Kamal Dahal, the Maoist chairman, resigned as prime minister May 4
Chelsea prevented by FIFA from signing any new players until 2011
Have FIFA made the right decision?
A labor package is to be submitted to Parliament
880,000 people clicked on the most popular version of the video on YouTube
The 9th U.S.
Millions of Americans get a diagnosis of high cholesterol every year
Cholesterol comes from two sources: your body and your food
The world No.
Christopher D.
One Filipino soldier was also killed, and two more were wounded
Development for the next-generation USB connector, called the Type-C, is underway
The Type-C connector will be completed by mid-2014.
The memorial will be held at an outdoor amphitheater at Apple's headquarters
The plane "burst into flames immediately on crashing"
It was carrying arms to the African Union forces in Somalia
The peacekeeping force has more than 17,000 personnel from across Africa
Final Cut Pro X is rebuild of the 12-year-old software
CW said it learned information about Preston after the show that disqualified her
Preston might have bragged about her victory on Facebook before the finale
In China, cosmetics now outstrips groceries as the biggest selling item in its department stores
In 2013, Chinese women, and increasingly men, spent 162.5 billion yuan ($26 billion) on cosmetics
Japan's annual beauty and personal care market is still the largest in the region at about $50bn
The ritual, known as the metzitzah b'peh, is a particular type of circumcision
Adams was labeled a fool, a hypocrite, a criminal, and a tyrant,
Jefferson was branded a weakling, an atheist, a libertine, and a coward
U.S.
Severe heat and humidity stretches from Vermont to North Carolina
Brad Blauser's Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids has distributed nearly 650 free wheelchairs
"Disabled children -- they're really the forgotten ones in this war," he said
The rally was prompted by the alleged assault of a monk by Muslim youths days earlier
Craigslist will replace its controversial "erotic services" listings with a new section
George W.
Apple on Tuesday announced a new Mac Pro high-end desktop
To understand China we need to accept that it is very different from western societies
U.S.
A pair of suspected U.S.
A report says Lenovo is planning to be ready to ship the device in October
A key differentiator will be based on a traditional PC chip or one that uses the ARM architecture
Traub says he examined neighborhoods long troubled by destitution yet ripe with beauty and possibility
"I want to show the complexity of the place.
U.S.
It took several hours for Navy personnel to reach the mountainous crash site
Cutts Jr.
And if he did not, did he act as a reasonable person would have?
The report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century
Monday's hearing determined that there is enough evidence to try her
Sens.
Carrier race comes amid rising assertiveness of Asian's military powers
U.S.
The developer had been previously convicted of bribing Olmert and other officials
A new sleeper virus has now spread to more than eight million computers
Army Maj.
U.S.
Jack has a wound on his neck that keeps reopening for no apparent reason
Vessel carrying 6,500 tons of sand for use in the glass industry
The ship had experienced bad weather in the Red Sea
Blogger Nate St.
Trooper Daniel Martin shown pulling over a Creek Nation ambulance
FBI asks anybody who knows the bank robber to call 423-282-8090
Are they the cutting edge of design or just plain creepy?
Recent attacks in Shiite areas have spread fear among Iraqis
Referee Tom Henning Ovrebo believed to have been smuggled out of England
Do you know a hero?
Diageo posted a 5% rise in sales growth for the second half of last year
Recent acquisitions for Diageo have included ShuiJingFang, a maker of baijiu
But you could also argue the Web has contributed to our epidemic laziness
Discovered in a monastery in Sinai desert in Egypt more than 160 years ago
Hanford site once played a major part in U.S.
The U.S.
Cook is gruff and assertive, but in a way that makes people feel secure
The $5.3 billion package includes upgrades to Taiwan's F-16 fighers
China voiced strong opposition to the deal when it was announced last week
U.S.
Between August 2009 and August 2010, Twitter grew 76 percent while MySpace faded
Twitter's actual reach might be higher than the numbers from comScore imply
North and South Korea to hold three days of talks on reunions for families
U.S.
The dancer was 17 years old at the time of the alleged sexual encounter
Gestational diabetes results from hormonal changes every pregnant woman has
Gen.
Baradar was captured in 2010 in Karachi, known to be a haven for militants
The infants land and bounce on a bed-sheet held taut by men 50 feet below
Xi is expected to sign co-operation agreements with Tanzania, including a $10bn port project
The port, which is located north of Dar es Salaam, will be linked to a special industrial zone
The Tanzania-Zambia railroad, built in the 1970s, was one of China's first major infrastructure projects in Africa
U.S.
Matthew and Rowena Schade, children, met with Knox County Sheriff Monday
The announcement comes after the U.S.
Perhaps Apple is putting the Touch on a two-year update plan like the iPhone
Chamber of Commerce a major player in the 2014 fight for control of the Senate
World No.
NRC group focuses on implementing regulations based on lessons learned at Fukushima
Afghanistan is one of the most-mined countries in the world
Japan has launched a sweeping review of its nuclear power
The U.S.
This year's U.S.
Hamilton gives Will all but a few minutes of his life
Brazil in 1950 was without the wealth and stature it has today
Brazilians are playing an important role in football as protesters and reformers
Goldbach says investigators first learned of a breach in protocol in February
Ford envisions a future where all cars are connected
The answer to the crisis is not to build more roads, but to build a smarter transportation system
Dr.
Asia that has the greatest potential for the growth of Catholicism
U.N.
Dr.
Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have long battled government forces
Lukas Podolski pulls goal back for Germany with his third strike in two games
Staff Sgt.
"Big Questions" is a long story containing an entire imaginary universe
Steinberg: Ending life without parole for all juvenile offenders is sensible
Since July 2012, at least 22 polio workers have been killed
Dr.
Residents fled from 10,000 homes since fire started last Wednesday
According to CNN's initial analysis, roughly half of this year's 36 races for governor could be competitive
Barcelona held to a 2-2 draw in Copa del Rey by Malaga
Floyd Mayweather Junior confirms he will fight Shane Mosley in Las Vegas on May 1
Dr.
Authorities looking into why plane went down during takeoff from Kandahar airfield
Military officials did not identify type of jet that crashed, nor the nationality of the crew
The "Keen Sword" exercise will continue until December 10
About 10,500 U.S. service members are taking part in the drills
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world
William and Catherine will set up temporary home at Kensington Palace
One e-mail shows a company trying to get around U.S.
More than 100 people arrested in Baltimore this week are released
The remains of three women found do not include those of Shannan Gilbert
Polls consistently show security is top concern among vast majority of Mexicans
Mae has lodged an appeal with the Court of Arbitration for Sport
The BBC assembled a group of famous musicians to sing "God Only Knows"
The BBC has also created a charity single of the song
Debris covered the streets
The Top 13 head into tonight's Whitney Houston/Stevie Wonder performance
U.N. estimates that more than 100,000 people have died since conflict began
Gen.
U.S.
The dancer was 17 years old at the time of the alleged sexual encounter
Seven of the nine high court members were named by GOP presidents
Dominick Arceneaux last seen by an aunt Tuesday in Chidester, Arkansas
Cars' hits are still radio mainstays, and their influence is audible
"Move Like This" is a reminder that New Wave can still sound new
Obama cited Petraeus' work with the CIA on counterinsurgency efforts in the field
The White House says it's waiting on the State Department to review the decision
Donald Welty is suspected of attempted assault on a police officer
Gulf States are said to be considering plans for a value added tax (VAT) by 2015
Youssif also expects a good year for Arab banks, estimating that net profits will grow at 15%
The Union of Arab Banks, headquartered in Beirut, Lebanon, was setup in 1974
Summit is expected to address military tensions, sea border dispute
U.S.
J.K.
Saudi form of Islam mandates the death penalty for same-sex relations
The study drew on data from medical records of Israeli soldiers drafted at age 17
Current weight and weight changes influence the risk of developing type 2 diabetes
Adm.
Mark (John Hawkes) is a 36-year-old virgin and impatient to do something about it
It's a clichÃ© that actors playing disabled always win accolades, but these are demanding roles
There were no deaths or injuries, the Dubai Civil Defense says
Ice shelves are floating ice sheets attached to the coast
Of the 163 arrested, 41 will be charged with homicide
The comments were posted on a Facebook group page last year called "No More West Indian Detail"
The parade is an annual event in Brooklyn that celebrates West Indian history and culture
Iran has threatened several times to close the Strait but it has never carried through with it
Senate may vote on the full spate of reforms by the end of the week
The 8.5-ton module is part of an experiment to test space rendezvous and docking capabilities
Anthony Sowell has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity
Do you know a hero?
U.S.
South Korea is a strategic Western ally and Asia's fourth-largest economy
He has been arrested a number of times this year
Besigye has vowed to "walk to work" every Monday and Thursday
California Gov.
Service members anonymously reporting a sexual assault grew by more than 30%
NEW: Former first lady will spend the night in a Houston, Texas, hospital
In 1990 Chris Perez joined Selena's band as a guitarist
Perez has written a book about his time with Selena called, "To Selena, With Love"
United States is proposing tough new sanctions on Iran
Do you know a hero?
Maradona, 48, will be assisted by former coach Carlos Bilardo
Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho will be banned for the next three Serie A games
Ruplenas says best part of the job was photographing young American GIs
Most victims of the landslide live in the Kilimanjaro region near the mountain by the same name
U.N.
The mountain is the highest peak in Africa and is a major tourist attraction
If arrested, Pettway would be prosecuted at the federal level
Dr.
Provincial elections are seen as key in empowering Iraqis
Audi wins the Le Mans 24 Hour endurance race for the 10th time in 12 years
France lock Sebastien Chabal cited for a dangerous tackle on Simon Shaw
D.C.
Flight 370 vanished while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing
NEW: FBI looking into online posting by neo-Nazi white supremacist group
World number one golfer Tiger Woods has become a dad for the second time
Antigua and Barbuda-flagged ship, named Victoria, was seized Tuesday
Piracy has been soaring off the coast of eastern Africa
The playoff system will replace the current -- and controversial -- Bowl Championship Series
Bahrain has introduced the Labour Market Regulatory Authority to register workers
Recent polls suggest she may struggle to secure third term.
Testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime
Don't sell yourself short for a few bucks.
The peloton refuse to race the entire 216km stage from Genoa to Livorno
U.S.
Staff Sgt.
Japan is expected to lift some of its unilateral sanctions but to keep multilateral ones
Asian art market has typically been driven by savvy investors and China's nouveau riche
With a market of burgeoning art buyers, artists from the region are making their mark
Hong Kong is now the world's third largest art market by auction sales
Dr.
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
Voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states
The system will play 3-D versions of premium game franchises like "Street Fighter"
Franchitti ends his career with 31 IndyCar wins and 33 starts in the No.
Reiss: If you want the U.S. to remain strong and dominant in the world, look to the north
Olympus shares lost around 80% of their market value in weeks after
Louis Oosthuizen stormed to his first major win at the British Open at St.
The 27-year-old lives on a farm in Gourits River, South Africa, next door to his parents
Ten gunmen stormed hotels, a train station and a Jewish center
They called for people to take to the streets to demand their rights back as citizens of Iran
Bayern Munich's France international midfielder Franck Ribery has suffered another injury setback
Ribery played a part in just six Bundesliga matches during the first half of the 2009-10 season
Dave Schweidenback saw transformative effects of bikes while in the Peace Corps
Five people were killed and 25 injured in clashes with police
U.S.
Sen.
Sen.
Marxist-Leninist DHKP-C has been active for more than 30 years
Talks with the government hit a roadblock over three of his demands
Dr.
NATO-led forces have been battling Taliban fighters across Afghanistan
U.S. and British forces launched major offensives against militants in southern Helmand province
Steven L.
A bus carrying California high school seniors was struck by a FedEx tractor trailer
Serbia's minimum wage, at $1.36 an hour, is one of the lowest in Europe, and comes in below China
Entry into the EU has raised fears the country's educated youth will flee
Protests erupted after Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson's fatal shooting of unarmed Michael Brown
With rising import prices due to a plummeting currency, Iran Inc. is also no longer able to compete
After the Dutch, Scandinavians have the highest coffee consumption per capita in the world
Maj.
"CAPTURED!!!
New York's 76 zoos, aquariums and botanical gardens will lose $9.1 million
Zimbabwe's inflation rate of 231 million percent is the world's highest
Boko Haram has stepped up suicide bombings, causing mass casualties
Casper's resume included three major titles and 51 PGA Tour events
The couple reportedly used a women-only cashier line at a supermarket in Riyadh
Apple's competitors, including Samsung, will now need to steer clear of Apple's designs
More than 15,000 fighters, including 2,000 Westerners, have gone to Syria, CIA source says
CNN Latino targets the growing and diverse U.S.
"The U.S. market is so diverse and so large that there is room for two distinctive content options," said CNN executive
There is a company-wide initiative at CNN to produce more content for the U.S.
This will be CNN en Español's first attempt in creating an alternative programming block for broadcast Spanish-language TV
St.
S.
Do you know a hero?
Sylvester Stallone tapped Neiman to appear in four of his "Rocky" movies
Hong Kong suspended food and milk imports from five prefectures in Japan
The suspect is listed in critical condition at a hospital
In Arizona last year, rescuers saved nearly a third of "saveable" cardiac arrest victims
Senate Judiciary Committee passes "Gang of Eight" immigration reform bill
Cristiano Ronaldo scores two penalties as Real Madrid beat Athletic Bilbao 4-1
National Park Service says it needs to start construction soon
As it turns out, the company claims no ownership -- it says so right in the terms of service
But a public file on any of Google's services could, in theory, end up in promotional materials
Photos show refugees on their rickety boats being towed out to sea, cut loose
The supporting cast is loaded with exceptional performances
He's taken on the challenge to design the perfect fit for every prosthetic socket
The free-agent wide receiver tries to reschedule the October 24 hearing
Sentencing phase of the trial is set for 10 a.m.
The Marie Colvin fund is intended to direct resources to support charities
English FA charges three players with making alleged homophobic statements
Rep.
More than 80% of the sun will be blocked during the eclipse
Sprint aims to ease the setup process with Sprint ID
Packs are free to download and install, but users are charged for premium content
Wayne Rooney's injury time header gives Manchester United a 3-1 victory over Manchester City
His parents never abandoned more orthodox treatments for Rowan's autism
He grabbed a camera and started filming
In last half of 2011, U.S. agencies asked Google to remove 6,192 pieces of content
Brian E.
Her father, John F.
The event is widely expected to be the launch of the next iPhone
There is no medicine or vaccine to treat norovirus, but most people recover fully
His run-in with two unruly customers was captured on cell phone video
Soccer stars Zinedine Zidane and Kaka will take part in a charity match to help Haiti
Lt.
Judge to hear arguments and then decide whether state can admit the calls as evidence
V.V.S.
The foreign ministry has requested that police tighten security at the embassy
U.S.
U.S.
The U.N.
Lawmakers have called for a forensic audit of the bank's finances
U.N.
Clinton has promised to testify next month before congressional committees
Shepard Fairey pleaded guilty to criminal contempt of court in February
In his civil complaint, Fairey claimed to have used a photo of Obama and George Clooney
Jeffrey M.
The goal of the study is to find ways to measure the progression of Alzheimer's
A small, private ceremony was held at the actor's home in the West Indies
Willis and Heming will have a civil ceremony when they return to California
Willis' first wife, Demi Moore and her husband, Ashton Kutcher, attended the wedding
U.S.
Edgar M.
President Bill Clinton awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom
China's LGBT community has made huge gains in social acceptance
Dr.
U.S.
Cordova was killed in the shootout that resulted in the death of Arturo Beltran Leyva
Mai is headline speaker at Geneva Summit for Human Rights and Democracy
J.K.
The trio had recorded the nine acoustic tracks that make up "As I Call You Down"
Greig is scheduled to be sentenced Tuesday in U.S.
Sen.
The Rolling Stones performed at a small Paris club on Thursday night
The band tweeted about the secret show just hours before they took the stage
It's unclear how they were freed, but Erdogan thanked Turkish intelligence officials
"It's not a matter of how long we're in Iraq, it's if we succeed or not," McCain said
Sen.
The site is two blocks from where the World Trade Center stood
Critics of the center say it is an affront to survivors of the September 11 attacks
"People have to see these.
Big Internet companies are tripping over themselves to bolster their public image
Surgery and sobriety is a controversial topic, even among those in recovery
Merrill Newman of Palo Alto, California, was pulled off a plane in Pyongyang
North Korea has not publicly said why it is holding Newman
U.S.
Leonard I.
U.S.
"Stars" tells the story of two teenagers who meet in a cancer support group
Harris is sentenced to five years and nine months in prison
St.
Democratic senators will hold short "pro forma" sessions over the holiday break
Some law enforcement groups view domestic terror threat as equal to threat from Islamic terror groups
Tests on the hands of the two suspects have not revealed who may have fired the weapon
But the car only goes to those who hit a hole in one in the fourth and final round
A woman was arrested after showing police a photo of her child duct-taped to a chair
U.S.
Edwin van der Sar claims British record for minutes without conceding a goal
The restaurant's ambitions to connect with the city are very real
Rock & Brews itself resembles a less-tacky Hard Rock CafÃ©
King Solomon is known in the Old Testament for his wisdom and wealth
Sen.
Sen.
China continues dominance of the Asian Games it is hosting in Guangzhou
Israelis, tourists at Ben Gurion Airport have had their Apple iPads seized
ETA blamed for more than 800 deaths in long fight for Basque independence
U.S.
"Needless to say, I had a hard time trusting humans," Anderson says
The measure passed in the House this month
U.S.
The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group
The Huangs deny charges of killing their daughter, who died in January last year
Nava allegedly helped round up the 43 students and hand them over to a drug gang
The bomber was either carrying the explosives in a bag or wearing a suicide vest
Anthony faces seven counts in Caylee's death, including first-degree murder
Apple is borrowing features from popular messaging platforms like Snapchat and WhatsApp
Audio and video messages within iOS 8 will automatically vanish within a few minutes
E.U.
Bergdahl is resting and showing signs of improvement in Germany
The film focuses on the tumultuous time in the band's career 20 years ago
There are sound-only interviews that Guggenheim was able to draw from each band member
There is a lot of levity too, including a satirical montage of bands that have imploded
J.K.
China banned Falun Gong in 1999 and has cracked down on practitioners
Google has championed its platform as the open alternative to Apple's closed iOS system
Rubin emphatically denied other rumors of ARM-chipset standardization in the platform
Forty percent of fish harvested in the Lower 48 states comes from the Gulf
The growing specter of a civil war in Syria has policymakers worried
TV viewers demand drama: If it can't be found, it's manufactured
Building a company takes almost every minute of the day, leaving little time for a personal life
T.
U.S.
HBO statement: "We were deeply dismayed to see this and find it unacceptable"
As they have in the past, northeastern states dominated the top of the rankings
The unmanned Dragon is carrying more than 1,200 pounds of supplies
It suffered a temporary glitch with its thrusters after it launched into orbit
Haitians have celebrated Carnival through dictatorships, military coups and bloodshed
She is a popular favorite for the Nobel Peace Prize
"R.i.P bro.
South African Airways said it launched its own investigation
The average life expectancy is from 15 to 18 months after surgery
U.S.
"Guardians of the Galaxy" took second place with $41.5 million
Abu Dhabi has held five auctions, selling 300 plates and raising $56 million
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg declined to hear a stay request
Passenger group believes merger will result in higher fares and reduced choices
The most-famous James Bond, Sean Connery, really set the bar high
Perlitz was arrested at his home in Colorado, but had lived for years in Haiti
Perlitz was director of the Project Pierre Toussaint in Haiti
World No.
Sotheby's announces plans to auction 20 items that were owned by the couple
Suu Kyi has one final avenue for appeal to a special court
Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes died as a result of a freakish accident
In February, Myanmar convened its first parliament in more than two decades
Myanmar, also known as Burma, has been under military rule since 1962
The president named 30 ministers and 39 deputy ministers to his government
"Africa's diversity should be a source of strength, not a cause for division"
LeWeb founder Loic Le Meur is looking to "digital hippies" as a potential theme for his next conference
Le Meur is seeing a trend of entrepreneurs who reject money, fame and power
Digital hippies are not the only trend on his radar.
U.N.
The CoolBrands ranking is based on a survey of influencers and consumers
"He's been a champion at two, three and four.
Frankel will now be retired to stud where he has been valued at Â£100 million
Air France Airbus A330-200 encountered heavy turbulence
Alaska is often isolated from national trends because its economy is so different
House and Senate Republicans will huddle in a rare joint retreat in Hershey, Pennsylvania in mid-January
Allegations after the October dismissal of former Olympus President Michael Woodford
Wisconsin is confronted with a looming $137 million shortfall at the end of the fiscal year
The decline in animals living in rivers, lakes and wetlands is the worst
The alarming trend could cost the world billions in economic losses.
Lt.
Over 6,000 candidates ran for 438 seats in the Parliament
Spears announced album, due March 15, is titled "Femme Fatale"
Top 40 radio stations continue to spin "Hold It Against Me" in regular rotation
"ER" alum Mekhi Phifer is set to join the cast
McDonald is a West Point graduate and former CEO of Procter & Gamble
Jackson died at age 50 on June 25, 2009, while preparing for his "This Is It" comeback tour.
The death toll from nearly a week of Israeli airstrikes on Gaza had reached 186
NASA budget may force premature cancellation of either Curiosity or Cassini
There's a new anti-piracy warning system designed to track copyright infringers
Turkish military said it pounded more than 100 targets in northern Iraq
"Celebration Day" is "almost like being onstage with us," Jones says
Philip Markoff is suspected of killing a masseuse he met through Craigslist
Retired Navy Capt.
Since 2005, Nicholson's program has grown to more than 50 locations nationwide
The U.N.
Air Force Staff Sgt.
FBI believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking
Former U.S.
Do you know a hero?
Whole country is moving to 4G -- next generation wireless
Arsenal stayed in touch at the top with a 4-1 rout of 10-man Bolton
Doctor accused of using "pen" camera to record video up a woman's skirt
Urologist Adam Levinson, 39, charged with unlawful surveillance
Phillip and Nancy Garrido pleaded guilty to kidnapping and sexual assault
"The didnt even have my album in the back ... not on shelves, saw for myself," he wrote
Hip-hop artists LL Cool J and T.I. joined Hugh Jackman for an unconventional performance
Balad Ruz is a mixed town of Arab, Kurd and Turkmen residents
Sen.
Lashawn Marten has been charged with three counts of assault
Bristol, Connecticut, apparently drives ESPN execs to all sorts of boorish behavior
The authors talked to more than 550 people and cover an amazing amount of ground
The book offers some top-notch TV-biz reporting on the early days of the cable industry
Republicans cannot count on a big midterm wave this year
Authorities found about 150 kilograms (330 pounds) of explosives near a church
Fireworks lit up the sky over London's River Thames
She is renowned for her obsession with privacy
England held goalless draw Algeria in Group C clash in Cape Town
U.S.
"You could hear what sounded like pops, gunshots," she told CNN
Nadal loses in straight sets to fellow Spaniard Feliciano Lopez
Sen.
McCain, a two-pack-a-day smoker for 25 years, quit in 1980
FBI believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking
The 30-meter-high "Scary Hill" earns its name thanks to the dizzyingly 50-degree steep slope
Their new single "Are You Ready?" is out now
The airstrike is the latest in a series of attacks this week
Shell says it is "committed to cleaning up all spills from its facilities"
Texas Gov.
Dr.
They will form part of a memorial garden to remember those who died
In 2012, Moonpig generated 1.5 million downloads of its mobile app contributing to Photobox's double-growth.
Mazen Abdul Jawad appeared last week on a show on Lebanese channel
In deeply conservative Saudi Arabia, pre-marital sex is illegal
Espinosa, who works for Spanish daily El Mundo, escaped this week
There was no immediate response from the Bahraini government to the clashes
Negotiations to extend the deadline broke down in October
The company says the hold is indefinite at this point
Andrew Fryberg, 15, was hospitalized after the October 24 shooting
U.S.
New Jersey lawmakers approved same-sex marriage this month, but Gov.
Mandela born in 1918 in the South African village Qunu
Merkel said she supports the two-state solution to the Mideast conflict
Frum: Children born to single parents face much longer odds in life
Biden, 41, was elected as Delaware's attorney general in 2006
Corruption and violence are high in Guatemala, according to the United Nations
Referenda putting abortion on the ballot have been tried on the state level
But what Albuquerque did Tuesday makes it unique among cities
45% of voters were for it and 55% against it
Rev.
Are you a first-generation American?
U.S.
El-Sisi won 96% of the vote in last month's presidential election
Oscar Pereiro of Spain inherited the 2006 title after Landis was disqualified
"Dear Daddy, I love you so much & I'm so glad I got a goodnight hug.
Twitter is becoming a kind of online comment box, a place for fans to weigh in
Kodak turned the material over to the government in 2007
Nearly all North American Hyatt properties have "low-flow" showerheads and toilets
It is first the first arrest warrant ever issued for a sitting head of state
Rio de Janeiro state officials are giving away 3 million free condoms
Gen.
Video of the incident showed rioters hurling glass bottles and other debris at police
At least 36 people were injured, including one police officer
Dr.
Apple has suggested users angle the camera or shield the lens
It's the rare album that tries to be everything to everyone and largely succeeds
Like his mentor Usher, Bieber fully embraces both Ibiza beats and urban swagger
Authorities investigate reports disabled children were buried during solar eclipse
U.S.
Of the highway town trio, Alpine is the busy one
Apple wouldn't comment on how many iPad Minis were pre-ordered
U.N.
The movie has already made more than $300 million worldwide
CNN was unable to reach Saudi Justice Ministry or Interior Ministry for comment
"The hospital doesn't know what Mr.
No illnesses have been reported in relation to the recall
News comes less than 24 hours after the club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri
He's embarked on a mission to spark an entrepreneurial revolution in Africa
Lance Armstrong's Radio Shack team has been involved in a doping case
The 2012 F1 season gets underway with the Australian Grand Prix on March 18.
U.N.
Original members returned to touring last April after a three-year break
Most U.S.
Fresh or frozen, strawberries are a leading source of vitamin C
U.S.
District Attorney Jim Woodall said he's thinking about withdrawing fraud charges
Barcelona midfielder Alexander Hleb has turned down a switch to Inter Milan
Flight 788 is en route from San Francisco to Boston
Rep.
Red teams up with her Granny to look into the abduction of Hansel and Gretel
SNL's infinitely inventive Bill Hader and Amy Poehler voice H&G
The movie can't be saved from its own vices of manic pacing
A key component will be to engage college-age men in the prevention process
Weapons inspectors are taking the world closer to peace in the middle of a raging war
He is wanted on suspicion of abduction with the intent to defile
A 2009 U.N. report accused Kenyan police of misusing its power
"I didn't think he was going to make it," Senk said
The average tantrum lasts about three minutes, according to Potegal's research
Kids from about 18 months to 4 years are simply hardwired to misbehave
They were on lookout for abnormally high concentrations of radioactivity
Dr.
The World No.
Ryan Giggs put United ahead in 17th minute but Tevez leveled from penalty spot
Englaro was transferred to a private clinic Tuesday where she is expected to die
U.N.
The memo maintains that the campaign must remain humble, disciplined and united
In the past few weeks, Houthi rebels have taken control of Yemen's capital
The 27-year-old is one of the most visible figures speaking out against Bahrain's government
Akkoyunlu: Erdogan views such "accidents" as unfortunate but unavoidable side effects
Alfa Demmellash helps low-income entrepreneurs start or grow their businesses
The bus was traveling from New York's Chinatown to Philadelphia
Clinton's supporters are anticipating the onslaught of foreign policy-related attacks
He said he added it to make it taste better and to improve his business.
The operation was first run out of Costa Rica, then from Panama City, Panama
"We do not expect an arsonist to be a firefighter," al-Assad says
The nation hosts about 14,000 fireworks shows each Independence Day
Tweetie/Twitter is one of the best Twitter experiences for any platform
In addition to being free, the app now carries the distinction of being "version 3.0"
Photographer Matjaz Krivic's "Somewhere Under the Rainbow" series was shot over 19 years
T.I.
Fighting forced about 250,000 Somalis out of their homes in Mogadishu since May
Much of war crimes trial of Charles Taylor centered on "conflict diamonds"
Conflict or "blood" diamonds are illegally traded to fund conflict in war-torn areas
For hip-hop fans, the film offers frequent bits of interest, humor and musical delight
Sen.
The vaccine was approved using an accelerated approval process, the FDA said
The Middle East's richest man is Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud
Skyscanner released Monday the second part of its "Future of Travel" report
A mistake from goalkeeper Waleed Abdullah sealed Saudi Arabia's fate
Foursquare and the like can be great for sharing your experiences with your friends
The violence is the deadliest soccer-related violence in Egypt since a 2012 stampede
Dr.
The CPSC says public website complaints about a harmful product or risk have led to recalls
JetBlue Airways celebrating 10th birthday with one-day sale
Hartwell was ordered to serve a lifetime of supervised parole
U.S.
Barakzai reported as saying commission is unduly influenced by foreigners
Dr.
Girl Scouts reducing the number of cookies per box to save money
Do you know a hero?
In 2011, Iran twice announced plans to send ships toward the U.S. maritime borders
It's an ignominious exit for a title that was touted as the first great franchise of the 21st century
The series felt like it was running out of great rock anthems for users to emulate
"Guitar Hero" was created in 2005 by indie studio RedOctane
Jonathan Biabiany scored twice as Parma drew 2-2 away to Genoa to keep hold of fourth position
Howard K.
Former Navy Lt.
In Argentina, police arrested former Navy Capt.
Army Spc.
Suzanne Collins is the mastermind behind "The Hunger Games" trilogy
The plot revolves around a dystopian society
One boy and one girl must fight to the death until only one is left standing
The 11-mile-long stretch is the first South Bronx waterfront park in 60 years
Hwang Jae-yeong and Jeon Jin-woo each drove in two runs
U.S.
George Obama was arrested in Kenya on suspicion of marijuana possession
Before meeting, police forcibly removed some protesters who were outside building
Evelynn M.
Rousey used her signature armbar move to force Carmouche to submit
Savage: Here to see if I could find any evidence of George W.
Analysts are predicting a smooth political transition
The U.S.
Yousif al-Muhafda is accused of disseminating false information about clashes
The activist's attorney says he was observing the demonstration, not participating
U.S.
A U.S.
Since '06, Ivory has helped provide more than 500 mammograms
U.S.
The initial report did not name the doctor or doctors
Rivers, 81, died a week after an appointment at Yorkville Endoscopy clinic
Acceptance of balut depends on exposure at a young age
Duley faces two counts of murder in the deaths of her two children
Seth Owusu is the founder of Entire Village Computers Organization
Parents worry whether vegetarian or vegan children will receive adequate nutrition
Independent Spirit Awards go to American films with budgets below $20 million
Panetta had an exchange with Sen.
Beckham is due to return to AC Milan in January on loan
Japanese scientists produce clones of mice dead and frozen for 16 years
Researchers used cells from mice that were frozen for 16 years at -20 Celsius
Loughner is accused of wounding Giffords and 12 others, and killing six
Sen.
Kenyan anti-terror police picked up Abdullah Ibrahim el-Faisal days after he passed into country unnoticed
El-Faisal sentenced in London to 9 years in prison in March 2003 for inciting others to commit murder
He was paroled in 2007 after serving half his sentence and deported to Jamaica, according to reports
The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints practices polygamy
Winfield originally faced five charges including murdering three Afghan civilians
Raw chicken products from Foster Farms plants have been ID'd as the likely source
Australia shock Germany 2-1 in their friendly international in Moenchengladbach
Dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen
"I feel Iran needs to resolve this now.
"My breasts have never defined me -- and now they never will," she said
Sgt.
A judge ruled that Mayweather could postpone reporting to jail until June
Meyer was a studio assistant for Johns for more than 25 years
Missionaries charged with trying to take children out of Haiti without legal authorization
Gov.
Concern about H1N1 grew after it spread around the globe earlier this year
Patients will be monitored two months for safety issues, followed by checkups
Germany defender Jerome Boateng reveals he has agreed to join Bayern Munich
Facebook's Introducing Timeline page walks new users through the new features
It launches a Japanese version of its website -- the first non-European language
AAA reports the annual cost of owning and operating a car is $9,369
Ecologically sensitive burial methods have risen in popularity
Amy M.
Texas Gov.
U.S.
Rep.
Emergency crews transported infant to hospital, where he was found to be unharmed
The process of reporting applications and deaths varies by state.
The U.S.
The U.S.
Once you start chipping away at your self-worth, it's a short step to becoming a victim
One news report says that Westin had a long-running feud with parent company Disney
ABC continues to rank No.
A person wearing a Proto 2 could conceivably play the piano
Arizona Gov.
A federal agency, yet to be appointed, would create the messages
T-Mobile, Verizon, Sprint Nextel and AT&T say they would opt into system
Subscribers would be able to opt out of receiving the messages
Sen.
Turf battles between the rival cartels have become common in northern Mexico
It was not immediately known how many bodies might be buried at the site
Sgt.
Kardashian, 31, said she learned a lot of lessons in the past year
The light is technically from 380,000 years after the Big Bang
The U.S.
Sen.
Sen.
Kerry praised a handful of countries for their contributions to the effort, including Cuba.
Members of mostly Orthodox Jewish Englewood are less than enthused
Whooping cranes are the most endangered of all of the world's crane species
Heavy rain in January unleashed mudslides that cut off roads and blocked a rail line
President Oscar Arias has been diagnosed with the H1N1 virus, government says
Zawacki: Legal reform itself has a role to play in breaking through the glass ceiling of corruption
Sen.
Grammys typically the second most popular awards show behind the Academy Awards
A U.S.
8,000 auto-rickshaw drivers will be enrolled in training program
Shanghai men are well-known for taking care of this for their women
There have been longstanding tensions between Muslims and Copts
Koki Kameda wins the vacant World Boxing Association (WBA) bantamweight title
It is unclear whether the attacker is an Afghan soldier or an infiltrator
The issue of Afghan troops who have turned their weapons on allied forces has intensified
Richardson has had minor roles in TV series including "The Walking Dead"
The are being taken to a small town on the shore of the Arctic Ocean
U.S.
A device called the Fiend's Caldron allows players to spend hearts to adjust the difficulty
"Kid Icarus: Uprising" is available now and only for the Nintendo 3DS
U.S.
"They were engaged in suspicious activities, collecting war debris," it says
Guiry, 31, faces a felony charge of assault against a public servant
United Airlines employees called police after they refused to let Guiry board
Implosion is part of an agreement with the United States
Goals from Manucho and Flavio helped hosts Angola move top of Africa Cup of Nations Group A with a 2-0 victory over Malawi on Thursday.
Army Staff Sgt.
Some conservative and political forces are calling for a rollback on women's rights
Tumors in this population tend to be slow-growing and asymptomatic
J.K.
U.S.
Deputy Kenneth Moon was alone when an inmate attacked him with no warning
John F.
The Chinese team beat African champions Al Ahly to set up the semifinal clash with Bayern
Qassam rockets fired Friday from Gaza into separate Israeli communities
The following week will see the premiere of the show's all-Britney Spears episode
Each year, thousands of wild animals fall victim to poaching
26 members of Congress urged Obama to toughen airport screenings.
U.N.
CNN poll shows Congress has only a 10% approval rating.
Sen.
"The RNC rejects these kinds of campaign tactics," Duncan says
Conson is forecast to move through the Gulf of Tonkin on Saturday
Africanized honey bees are believed to have entered Texas in 1990
Pentagon wants to buy more than 2,400 of the technologically advanced aircraft
There's a little too much throwing stuff at a wall
World No.
His three-decades-long acting résumé shows the diversity of his talent
The group is known to use gunmen on motorbikes to kill
The Sitara-e- jurrat, or star of courage, is the third highest military award in Pakistan
U.S.
U.S.
ABC's "The Bachelor" closed its season with ratings gains over last year
"The Bachelor's" whole 17th season run was stronger than last year's edition
He previously argued for barring women from presidency and called Israeli leaders "vampires"
In October, Fedotowsky downplayed rumors that their relationship was on the rocks
Two American women arrested for carving initials into a Colosseum wall
George H.W.
He is the father of the 43rd president, George W.
The result sees Nigeria move up to second place in the table with four points
Australia emerging from strongest La Nina on record
New York carpenter said he had no involvement in child's disappearance
Minnesota Gov.
Senior Cpl.
The Badjao have lived off the shore of northeast Borneo for more than 200 years
T.J.
Nightclub infernos have claimed hundreds of lives over the years
Gov.
Three-time defending champion Rafael Nadal into last 16 of the French Open
"What do you want to do before you die?" became the premise for the MTV series
Mars Inc.
Will immigration reform fly?
Joseph E.
The woman made "statements implicating herself in the death of Sunando Sen," police said
Do you know a hero?
Men's Final Four couldn't come at a better time for hard-hit capital of the auto industry
Jennifer Hudson will deliver national anthem before the start of Super Bowl
University of North Dakota uses Fighting Sioux nickname and logo
Couple are estranged from their families, who disapproved of their interfaith marriage
"He's like our child.
Facebook is also expected to release a revamped version of its iPhone app
iPad app, which leaked earlier this year, has been in limbo at Facebook for months
The estimated U.S.
M/V Maran Centaurus commandeered about 600 nautical miles northeast of the Seychelles
300,000-ton tanker, which started out from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, was seized Sunday
The crew consists of 16 Filipinos, nine Greeks, two Ukrainians and a Romanian
4,500 pages cover sightings that were reported from 1986 through 1992
Government borrowing is fueling excess demand and widening the current account deficit.
There is nothing to match the shocking biological horror that erupted in "Alien"
He will advise the bank on global political and strategic issues
Sgt.
It is not clear whether Al-Shabab has the capacity to carry out its threats against Israel
Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991, when warlords overthrew its dictator
From Saudi Arabia to Kuwait, countries across the region are investing big in arts and culture
In Doha, the Museum of Islamic Art stands on its own man-made island
Sharjah has managed to establish one of the liveliest contemporary art scenes in the region
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback won't appeal six-game suspension
Chilton was having heart problems and died in an emergency room in New Orleans
Tymoshenko refuses to concede defeat in Ukraine's presidential election
"Nashville" pulls higher ratings among Adults 18-49 in homes with at least $100,000 in annual income
The Connie Britton and Hayden Panettiere drama has received a pickup for nine more hours
No word yet on fellow freshman dramas "Last Resort" and "666 Park Avenue"
Ryan Murphy is reportedly Sony Pictures' top pick to direct remake
U.S.
U.S.
The U.S.
The Andorran authorities took over the running of the bank after the Treasury revelations
Kutcher, 34, is one of the more tech-savvy actors in Hollywood
Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission takes lead in the investigation.
Lam Luong, 38, admitted throwing the children off the Dauphin Island bridge
Beatriz Reyes, 41, saved two of the three children who survived the crash
Recently, the Taliban demanded the closure of some schools
This power struggle in classrooms is symptomatic of broader fears
Rep.
U.S.
Protest caused a backlog of flights at the airport, a major gateway for Scotland
The six-piece 2-tone outfit are originally from the English Midlands
Ford C.
Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation
Safari's hold on 62.17% of mobile traffic has reduced IE's overall share
As of October, Firefox is the second most popular web browser
The Marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in August 2003 that killed 12 people
Gov.
President says King Abdullah "knows our position loud and clear"
Djokovic reached a career high ranking of number two in the world in 2010
Sen.
Sen.
Lohan must now resume work on 480 hours of community service
Apple's iTunes accounts for 70 percent of all digital song sales
Indonesian military transport plane crashed into residential area in East Java
Reed says Atlanta city road crews began pretreating streets at 9 a.m.
The judge has denied a prosecution's motion for a gag order
Boston has pledged to become the first city to eliminate the gender pay gap
Pedro A.
Wildfires have been burning in northwest and central Oklahoma since Thursday
U.S.
22-year-old arms dealer faces congressional inquiry
North Korea set off months of tensions with a long-range rocket launch in December
The Glasgow-based sides had hoped to be part of plans submitted by Bolton chairman Phil Gartside
"It moved me and my recliner about eight inches across the floor," caller tells 911
More than 100,000 objects have been left at Vietnam Veterans Memorial
The authority had been classified as a "non-member observer entity" until the vote
Gov.
"Can we create a situation of minimum waste?"
The snow began to fall Monday on northern and central Chinese provinces
Detroit called "armpit of the world"
Rep.
Sen.
Zynga's "FrontierVille" and "Texas HoldEm Poker" also round out the top five
The only non-Zynga app in the top five list is "Phrases"
Dr.
78 members of Congress can count federally registered lobbyists as family members
25% of the $6 billion donated to candidates came from one ten-thousandth of the population
World number two Phil Mickelson has suspended his PGA Tour schedule
J.C.
Obama's health care fight hit a major snag this week
Sen.
U.S.
Serena Williams survives longest match of her career to reach third round of Madrid Open
World No.
Voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states
Oleg Kalugin headed KGB operations in the United States in the 1970s
A 6.7-magnitude earthquake hits near the Greek island of Crete
Ships and aircraft battled the blaze on the Shoko Maru, a 998-ton tanker
Prime Minister James Callaghan called the situation a "scandal"
U.S.
California measure that limits trans fat in restaurant food also takes effect January 1
The AP has also defined a number of acronyms that are commonly used in texting
Gacy was convicted in 1980 of killing 33 men and boys in the Chicago area
Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
"I have taken a very progressive stance in the rest of my life," she says
There is no magic like the magic of Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling in "The Notebook"
Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray's chemistry was never "Lost in Translation" for us
Samuel David Crowe's death sentence was changed to life in prison Thursday
Who do you think is the best forward in the world?
U.N.
U.S.
U.S.
The U.S.
Obama says country is now "awakened" to a reality that a "gulf of mistrust" exists
Given ISIS advances, the official said, there will be more attacks against ISIS targets
Report: Police and intelligence services did all they could to trace suspects
Col.
Shane Warne has retired from all forms of cricket after playing his final match
Turkey's path to EU membership remains fraught, in part due to problems pitching the idea to the country and Europe
The U.N.
Understand how seismic events, like the Samoan quake, can spawn tsunamis
Hear the International Atomic Energy Agency's stance on Iran's nuclear program
Consider the potential pros and cons of a plan to extend the U.S.
Children young as 4 months treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries
Sri Lankan President has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians
Most victims of the landslide live in the Kilimanjaro region near the mountain by the same name
U.N.
The mountain is the highest peak in Africa and is a major tourist attraction
Do you know a hero?
Big winners in Spain's annual Christmas lottery will have to pay a 20% tax
The government started taxing all major lottery winnings in 2013
A Philadelphia priest convicted of a sex crime involving a 10-year-old boy has died while awaiting appeal
President Obama pledges to end discrimination against gays and lesbians
U.S.
"So we want it; they don't.
Tony Sr.
The show becomes a contest between the judges as much as the contestants
"ER" and "CSI" failed to get even one mention from the panel
In all, 46 shows were cited as having a strong influence on TV
Fujimoto says Kim gave him a free pass to visit N.
Ask yourself if you really, really, really, really want it
Step away from that TV, or iPad, so you can focus fully on the treat you want to eat
When you eat to feel good, let yourself feel good.
Though the influence is Spanish, the props, the fabrics, the models and the setting are all local to Senegal
"The family is very stressed.
U.S.
"I am standing for a noble cause with a clean heart," she says
Al-Bashir is wanted by ICC on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity
Al-Bashir remains president and has traveled to several countries since warrant was issued
Zapata's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame honors her work on the stage
Swearing or making mention of a friend's questionable behavior on his or her wall is unclassy
Report: US Airways is confirming passenger and crew on board the aircraft
Two CNN journalists have been honored at the Business Travel Journalism Awards.
CNN correspondent Ayesha Durgahee was named Business Travel News Journalist of the Year.
CNN Business Traveller producer Rosie Tomkins won Best Newcomer to Business Travel or Meetings & Events Journalism.
World No.
Towson team wore orange armbands stitched with her initials, Y.L.
She grew up in Louisville, Kentucky, where her dad owned a construction company
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows
An arrest warrant has been issued for Yanukovych over the killings of civilians
Rep.
Malawi had gone through one of its worst droughts seven years ago
"With Romney, it's been almost a case of overkill," small business owner says
Rep.
In the video, a man says he and an actor are trying to test police response
Eight members of the Venezuelan national guard are also in custody
Dr.
Barcelona crush Valladolid 4-0 to retain their Spanish Primera Liga title
In Wyoming, the wind chill is expected to be between 25 to 35 below zero
Sen.
Dr.
M.J.
Staff Sgt.
Being competitive comes from having better ideas than your competition
At least five men aged under 30 have died after drinking deadly cocktails.
There appears to be no limit to the type of drinks that are consumed
The role of social media giants like Facebook is also coming under scrutiny
Snowden's disclosures in 2013 made him an icon among some
U.S.
U.S.
In an ironic twist, the game has become popular with some Malaysian politicians
Mike Leigh has been in the movie business for over 35 years
Leigh's work is known for gritty realism and focus on underprivileged societies
U.S.
Dogs respond to actions, not words.
Kyle Dube, 20, of Orono, Maine, is indicted on kidnapping and murder charges
Took only two days for hackers to crack into the Apple and Blackberry operating systems
The fourth round draw produced one all-Premier League tie, Stoke at Chelsea
Sen.
In all, 2,309 U.S. military members have died in Afghanistan since October 7, 2001
"22 Jump Street" made fun of sequels
U.S.
The recession pushed some people into extra work, producer says
Movie extras in Georgia typically make between $58 and $101.50 for an 8- to 12-hour day
This is Obama's fourth appearance on "The View"
$600 million already spent on the project may not be reimbursed
"Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation," says Dart
Educational reforms still have a long way to go, but some changes are underway.
The program runs on a $5,000 annual budget supported by federal tax dollars
Holder plans to brief state and local law enforcement officials
Thailand has been hit the hardest with 315 people killed
U.S.
Lin is the first U.S.-born player of Chinese or Taiwanese descent to play in the NBA
In just weeks he's gone from one-time bench-warmer to team savior
Lin is the first Harvard graduate to play in the league for almost 60 years
Singapore tipped to become largest offshore wealth center in terms of assets by 2020
Al-Shabaab stepping up effort to make most of this fertile recruiting ground
By the next day, he was in custody, fingered by viewers who recognized him
Trading of US equities on "dark pools" has grown by almost a half in three years
Shift from transparent public exchanges has highlighted growing concern among regulators
U.S.
Protesters have been calling for Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to step down
The Rev.
Kissinger used a short speech on Wednesday to joke about Clinton 2016
The Rolling Stones are considering at least one concert to mark their 50th anniversary
In July, the band will gather in London to further discuss live performance possibilities
"The Mindy Project" was down 23 percent from last year's "Raising Hope" premiere in this slot
Still, "Mindy Project" fended off its 9:30 p.m. comedy rival, NBC's "The New Normal"
Gen.
Mitrione, a former NFL player, appeared Monday on a show called "The MMA Hour"
Chris Cooper has joined the cast of "Amazing Spider-Man 2"
He'll play Norman Osborn, the dad of Peter's best friend Harry
Libya's Deputy U.N.
U.S.
Particularly touching are the mementos left at some of the graves
"You are my hero, Daddy.
"It makes a difference when you see U.S.
A man accused of defacing a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II is due in court
The portrait, by the Australian-born artist Ralph Heimans, has been taken down
Italy blocked payments through cash machines and by credit cards in Vatican City
Sen.
Gov.
Nicolas Anelka's low strike put Chelsea ahead before Daniel Sturridge slammed in a second just after halftime.
Do you know a hero?
The Rev.
Ben Witherington III offers the Protestant view that Jesus and James were full brothers, with Jesus being the elder.
Though child labor is illegal in Nepal, an estimated 1.6 million aged between five and 17 work
Many are employed in the carpet, brick and garment industries
The U.N.
"Gravity," the 3-D sci-fi drama has been pushed from its November 21 release to 2013
Warner Bros.
Some witnesses accuse Him Huy of taking an active role in the horrors there
Thousands gathered in the Cuban capital on Sunday to pay their respects
The D.C.
She will preside over 543 elected members, of which 58 are women
The contest was free and open to all students around the world between 13 and 18
Bartholomew has become a symbol of the dwindling community
About 300,000 Americans each year are infected with Lyme disease
Urged stiff punishment for those who "orchestrated and provoked" unrest
"This is not over.
An object was sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground
The Souris River flows straight through the city
Saudi Arabia launched a "security campaign" this month to crack down on visa violations
Sort out the coffee minefield -- fast
Michael J.
Navy guards accused of assaulting detainees at Camp Bucca
Marketed as "the future of fashion design shows," "Fashion Star" premiered Tuesday
Sen.
Rodger also insisted that the band's second performance was not part of a "big plot"
U.N.
Pyongyang's actions violated existing U.N.
CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser sums up the Tea Party Express
Bail for Anthony Sowell set at $1 million on rape charges
Bail already set at $5 million on charges related to discovery of bodies at his home
"We're very aware of all of this," said Steve Hatchell, CEO of the National Football Foundation
Finland is one of the world's most wired nations, corporations include telecommunications giant Nokia
Half of babies born in Western countries today will live until 100 years old
Scientists believe many body parts that flounder with age could be upgraded
Gen.
The House censured Rep.
Roman emperors found the island's isolation perfect for banished troublemakers
Real Madrid overpower 10-man Tottenham 4-0 in Champions League quarterfinal
"Space is big.
Ferrari said the drive was taken unauthorized by staff from its local distributor
Fans can show their support by tweeting a unique hashtag assigned to their closest city
The top four cities with the most Twitter volume will be announced each day
The U.S.
William and Catherine's child will be next in line to British throne after William
It's same airport from which Pan Am Flight 281 took off more than 40 years ago
Brandao playing in only second match for Corsica-based club after joining from Saint Etienne
The news marked a blow for the Rio de Janeiro-based bank
Plane was on a routine flight from Kinsasha to the eastern city of Goma
The meeting originally planned for August 9 was postponed this month
The meeting comes as aid groups urge the continent's leaders to step up their efforts
Travis' stroke is "a complication of his congestive heart failure"
Doctors implanted a device in his heart to help blood flow
President George W.
Cycle of Life features 200 human bodies at various life stages
Deal part of $80 billion reduction in Medicare drug costs for senior citizens
Depending on configuration, Dreamliner can seat 200 to 300 passengers
Five more trekkers -- four Canadians and an Indian -- died in remote Manang district
U.S.
Possum Kingdom resident Jackie Fewell has set up a blog to provide updates
The men allegedly operated as a gang, targeting single, female Japanese tourists
Some see Jesus as champion of poor who would support raising taxes on the wealthy
Sen.
Annie Dookhan, 34, was picked up by state police at her home in Franklin, Massachusetts
The site lists Aria's appearance as a favorite among ambitious parents
Cato of the "Hunger Games" has made its way up the ranks
A U.S.
The group is demanding a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the Niger Delta
After rehab, the birds are scheduled for release in Florida
Lt.
There are no umpires, and no one really keeps score
Rep.
Investigators found Dr.
Jorden was linked to the death of hospital clerk and ex-girlfriend Jacqueline Wisniewski
Church of England leaders have voted to allow women to become bishops
Rep.
U.S.
Di Stefano led Real to five consecutive European Cup triumphs
Tan Seet Eng, known as Dan Tan, a key figure in investigation by Interpol
380 matches in 15 different countries deemed suspicious by Europol
U.S.
Ecuador's highest court upheld a libel conviction against a newspaper
A bronze sculpture of Willie Nelson will be erected in Austin
The unveiling event will include an appearance by Nelson himself
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012
The comet's gravity is so weak that engineers have come up with ingenious solutions to keep Philae in place
Charice and her brother, Karl, were raised by their single mother in the Philippines
World No.
Georgia launched military offensive to regain control of South Ossetia
In 2011, dog owners spent $248 on routine vet care and cat owners spent $219
ABR requires clients to secure a letter from their landlord as part of the adoption process
Rescue groups look for applicants who will commit to routine vaccinations
Utah Sen.
The U.S.
Pollack: "ACA moves us very close to achieving health coverage for everyone"
Jackson's death was "tragic, but the evidence will not show that Dr.
"The Residence by Etihad" is a three-room VIP suite with its own living room, double bedroom and shower
Scotland has four options -- each with their own risks and unknowns
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks on humans in 2013
Rep.
The official autopsy report stated the cause of death as asphyxiation
Six soldiers are currently on military trial, four have been charged with murder
Maximilian von Poelnitz found a problem and started a business to solve it
Microsoft will cease development of its family of Zune-branded music players
Since their introduction in 2006, the Zune players always played second to Apple's iPod line
The EF5 whirlwind sheared houses, schools, businesses into sticks, bricks and shards
The beating was recorded by security cameras on the night of July 5, 2011
Donahue ended up living for a year in Nuggettown, California
Hong Kong police plan to step up operations against vice operations
Dr.
One official calls order to serve in Iraq "a potential death sentence"
She allegedly requested the murder take place at a local library and that she be present
At least four people have died in protests since January 27
Do you know a hero?
Sen.
Chemical dispersants keep flowing at virtually unchanged levels
New Jersey Gov.
Vega was on the way to perform at a concert
Beating by a Texas judge of his daughter in 2004 has provoked storm of outrage
Despite popular belief, the suicide rate doesn't spike at the holidays
The video in question is a 19-minute short that pokes fun at a clique of Dubai teens
Learn about the different enemies facing coalition forces in Afghanistan
Find out why social networking sites are popular among cyber thieves
Consider some of the challenges involving school buses around the U.S.
Rep.
The Rev.
Rep.
The U.S.
Her father, Jose Martinez, had an altercation with customers at his restaurant
"Men in Black 3" opened to $54.6 million last weekend
Facebook, Twitter and Google all just released their year-in-review reports
At least five drones were flying near Miranshah city
A high-level commander with the Haqqani network, Haji Gul, was among those killed
J.J.
Abrams has made no secret of his affection for "Star Wars"
However, he had no such attachment to "Star Trek" before signing on to direct it
Incheon boasts a golf course, spa, private sleeping rooms, casino, indoor gardens
Ambassador Ahmad Kattan is expected to resume his duties Sunday
The protests and the Saudi reaction ratcheted up long-standing tensions between the two nations
Indiana has the broadest school voucher program available to a range of incomes
U.N.
The children were subjected to physical, psychological and sexual abuse, authorities say
The Joplin tornado was the deadliest single U.S.
"Glee" will likely end its run after season 6
Hogue: Romney still refuses to support the Lilly Ledbetter Pay Check Fairness Act.
U.S.
U.S.
The U.S.
Experiencing any kind of trauma or dangerous event raises the risk for PTSD
The blast took place near a Hezbollah center for the region
CHP officer responded last week to emergency call about runaway Toyota Prius
U.S.
Dr.
Authorities uncover a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S.
Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday
Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso secures an emotional victory for Ferrari
U.S.
U.S.
Bill Clinton's silent embrace of Rep.
Tubbs Jones, 58, died suddenly a week ago of a brain aneurysm
The public moment of recognition was the result of years of friendship
Gen.
What's on the agenda?
"The Expendables 2" led the chart, dropping 53 percent from its opening frame to $13.5 million
Universal's $125 million sequel "The Bourne Legacy" slid by 46 percent in its third week
Focus Features' "ParaNorman" finished in third place with $8.6 million
Jackson wrote, recorded "Love Never Felt So Good" with Paul Anka in 1983
Spain has 21.5% unemployment, with 45% among youth
U.S.
External support to bail out Ireland is one option being considered
Google began offering an encrypted option for Web searchers on Friday
Secure Web search option will slow down the initial connection
Political insensitivity is not helping victims feel safe coming forward
Senate rules require 60 votes to move toward confirming a nominee or passing legislation
Up until 1975, it took 67 votes to overcome a filibuster
Sen.
The crisis comes as Zimbabwe is struggling with an economic meltdown
"I started writing every day.
The report comes just two days before National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day
His medal was the third stripped at the Beijing Games
41,532 women were murdered in Brazil between 1997 and 2007
St.
Do you know a hero?
U.S.
Maintenance crews corralled the crustaceans
Ravi's court appearance Wednesday formalizes his decision to head to jail
The number of Web surfers in the country grew by nearly 42 percent to 298 million
Chinese government wants phone and broadband access in each village by 2010
Maathai, 71, died last month after a battle with cancer
She was the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize
The environmentalist also fought for the empowerment of impoverished communities
The report demands the discharge of all soldiers under age 18
The couple says the video has garnered international attention
It was the third landfall for the storm, which came ashore in western Cuba Sunday
Dr.
Spc.
The real Facebook revolution is global, and it's only just getting geared up
Thousands gathered in Cairo in a mass demonstration against the country's armed forces
"Sometimes I stare at people in the street, and I look for someone who looks like me," he says
The International Cricket Council has launched an investigation
What would you add to this letter?
The report examines the persecution of activists not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords, but also by government officials
Zhengzhou is one of the most polluted cities in China
It may take several hours to determine whether anybody won
Syrian rebels first overran the Syrian border gate at Bab el Hawa last summer
Turkish officials have not yet commented on the cause of the blast
Meanwhile, Syrian rebels claim to have captured Syria's largest man-made dam
The blast occurred in Samangan province late Saturday night
Victims had just finished the counting and other work at the polling center
Torrential downpours regularly cause landslides in the eastern part of the country
Jang Sung-taek was the vice chairman of North Korea's top military body
The attacks were aimed at Shiite pilgrims trekking and driving to a shrine in Baghdad
Two years after the terror attack, many Republicans still have questions
Nine people missing and presumed dead
Ravi faces a 15-count indictment that includes hate crime charges
Formula One team Toro Rosso give teenage driver Jaime Alguersuari a contract for 2010
"The hallmarks will be patience and persistence, not shock and awe," he says
U.S.
California Gov.
"I felt they were using this to harass gun owners.
Sen.
Sen.
Catherina G.
U.S.
She was elected to the office in October 2009, but never served
He faced a minimum one to three years, or as much as eight to 25 years in state prison
Government is establishing a new system for updating medical records
French women tend to walk everywhere instead of attempting to get to the gym
The Nordic diet and way of life produces low rates of obesity
On Okinawa, they practice hara hachi bu, or eating until 80% full
Wearing a black hat, black jeans and no shirt, Lil Wayne ran onstage to a sea of fans
Lil Wayne is reportedly now headed to Miami for a giant homecoming party
Rep.
CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger calls Ryan "a risky choice that could hurt Romney"
Stringent restrictions are in place on soldiers at base in Washington state
A school teacher by profession, impersonator left his career one year ago to fully devote himself to spread Modi's message
Hulu's premium service Hulu Plus launched as a preview in July
Service gives subscribers access to all the episodes in a season of popular shows
Netherlands Embassy says it is working with local authorities
"It is a true pit bull head on a dachshund body," Dawn Blanton says
He has rarely featured this season under new manager Andre Villas-Boas
500 fowl that died in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region tested positive for H5N1
In late January, China confirmed its sixth case of bird flu in a human
Chen Guangcheng is now in the U.S.
No.
Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green tied the knot at the Four Seasons in Hawaii last weekend
Scarlett Johansson and Ryan Reynolds married in 2008 in a "very remote part of Canada"
It took six months for Beyoncé to even talk about her secret wedding to Jay-Z
In 1996 she was voted the Person Who Best Symbolizes Australia
The President will also announce programs to help cities and states provide paid family leave
Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder for killing 17-year-old Martin
Mix aerobic and anaerobic conditioning to train like a hurler
U.N.
U.S.
Panetta, Obama invited Karzai to visit Washington early next year
The flimsy melody propping up ''National Anthem'' collapses under its faux-rap
He "has been laid to rest on his beloved Roanoake Island," the family said
For being named Hero of the Year, Pregracke receives $250,000 to continue his work
The actress won an Oscar for "12 Years a Slave"
U.S.
He will not be eligible for another parole hearing for five years
The region is a hotbed for militancy
Then she places them in a real-life setting and photographs it
Once Democrats settle on a candidate, Catholic vote seems wide open in November
The French Senate voted to ban child beauty pageants for kids under 16
"Having survived myself, what I want to do now is help other victims of the shame game survive, too."
Lewinsky cited the 2010 Tyler Clementi case as the reason she was going public with her cause.
Rep.
Former world No.
Rebels, angry with the government, have staged attacks in the past month
CNN talked to Amitabh Bachchan, the De Niro of Bollywood
U.N.
Ganymede's oceans may have 25 times the volume of Earth's
Victor Gao, former official in the Chinese Foreign Ministry, English translator for Deng Xiaoping
U.S.
He also made comments regarding race
Brittney Kustes was last seen July 17
Maj.
Wardak has long been considered a hotbed of insurgent activity
It needs 30,000 verified signatures to qualify for the August state ballot
Hawaiian Airlines Flight 39 took off from Portland at 10:10 a.m. with 231 passengers
Seibert shapes everything by hand, roughly packing each piece
"Blanchisseuses souffrant des dent" was taken in 1973 from the Malraux Museum
U.S.
International envoy Lakhdar Brahimi is trying to broker a cease-fire by Friday
Enrico Letta was being sworn in as prime minister at nearby president's palace
Sanba has the same intensity as a Category 3 hurricane
U.S.
Workers dig painstakingly, slowly removing piles of stone and debris
Rep.
On Tuesday, Wal-Mart said it is modifying its health care plan
In November, Forbes Magazine said Woods "delivered" 50% more for his brands than McIlroy in 2012.
For Nike, it's not just about celebrities endorsing products.
Richardson has had minor roles in TV series including "The Walking Dead"
The library has known about the missing books since the 1930s
HP has plans to produce another round of TouchPad tablets before year is out
Former Gen.
More than 100 people have testified at his trial
U.S.
The United States is preparing new sanctions
Debris from Air France 447, which crashed last month, has arrived in France
Austin Tice last contacted his family on August 13 while in Syria
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien Wednesday
Saudi Arabia's crown prince convalesces in Morocco after surgery in New York
U.S.
About 1,000 people gathered in New York City's Union Square on Saturday afternoon
A total of 2,270 delegates elected to represent CPC's 82 million members
Some of the photographs only recently turned up, says Boyd
Boyd's photographs went on display at the San Francisco Art Exchange
They were reported missing when the Carnival Spirit docked in Sydney
Ali Landry and her husband welcomed their second child Saturday
Landry and Monteverde, 34, also have a daughter, 4-year-old Estela
A bullet grazed the ear of a 2-year-old in the house
Swat Valley region used to be a popular destination for tourists and skiers
Taliban are imposing their strict brand of Islamic law in the region
Prosecutors say the penalty phase of the trial could last several days
A U.S.-born Muslim cleric and his son are exploring the possibility of legal action
Law allows police to ask anyone for proof of legal U.S.
NEW: ICRC says hundreds of patients need emergency treatment and evacuation
U.N.
Minnesota Gov.
Just 46 names have been currently put forth by President Obama
"This is not the work of one individual but several individuals," he says
"Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters" hunted down the No.
Sen.
Sen.
U.S.
The new banknotes will co-exist with the current bills as legal tender
Mandela spent 27 years in prison for fighting against racial segregation
Investigators have not determined a motive
Sens.
"Cotton Club Parade" celebrates Duke Ellington's reign at the famed Harlem nightclub
U.S.
The U.S.
Pandora's Comedy Genome Project analyzes the content of each clip
Some of the comedians include Eddie Murphy, George Carlin, Mitch Hedberg
Their reps gave no additional details, such as if a divorce filing is in the works
In Yemen, the issue of child marriage is complicated
Former Wales and British Lions center Ray Gravell has died aged 56
World Bank cuts China's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent
China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November
Shipowners, industrialists, artists and a handful of politicians are among those named
An Athens court postponed until Thursday Vaxevanis's trial for allegedly violating data protection laws
Vaxevanis said that more than â‚¬13bn had moved through the accounts on the list between 1998 and 2007
Syria and Israel involved in indirect talks in Turkey for past few months
"I couldn't save her.
Other Sonisphere festivals, including events in Poland, Spain and Swizterland, will go on as planned
The Bo affair has already sparked China's most serious political crisis in decades
Ryan Babel has threatened to leave English Premier League side Liverpool
Who do you think is the best forward in the world?
Matera is a UNESCO World Heritage site, and picked as the 2019 European Capital of Culture
Republican Sen.
Republican Sen.
Republican Sen.
Sen.
Clinton has challenged Obama's ability to deliver on his rhetoric
L.A.
A Philadelphia man claiming to be the "Jeffersons" actor's brother is challenging his will
"It is disgraceful," Hemsley's longtime partner Flora Enchinton tells CNN affiliate KVIA-TV.
Maj.
Most companies use it as the platform to set out their agenda for the year
There is a brutal war going on for new smartphone and tablet customers
Experts say many South Korean teenagers desperately need a means to escape
The company to dethrone here is Canon, leader of the compact camera market
They are the last of a group of political prisoners whose release was negotiated last year
Obama's plans would shift funding away from human space flight program
Toulouse striker Andre-Pierre Gignac handed his first call-up to France squad
U.N.
Founded by Italian surgeon Gino Strada, Emergency was first set up in Iraq in 1994
The iOS update is scheduled to roll out this fall
The potentially unlimited OMT program has created a rift between the ECB and Germany's central bank president
Ryan Arnold died after donating a piece of his liver to his brother, Chad
U.S.
Officers who worked at the post during the past five years are under investigation
New Mexico Gov.
"Paper towns" were fake places added to maps by mapmakers in order to dupe forgers into copying them
The attack is spread via a "hilarious video" posted to Facebook walls
The U.S.
The U.S.
About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers move into epicenter of Taliban activity
Police are looking for a silver or white Ford Explorer
But don't expect an immediate influx of Cuban talent in the big leagues
Among those killed in the protests was a dual Spanish-Venezuelan citizen
Players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men
NFL athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other men
The Rev.
The industrial action is over planned changes to cabin crew conditions
Analysts say uncertainty about elections and high interest rates may also hamper growth
Lohan will be featured in the January/February issue of the magazine
Robbie Levine died at age 9 after running the bases at a Little League practice
William Friedkin directed the film based on Pulitzer winner Tracy Letts' play
Harvey's broadcasts were heard on more than 1,200 radio stations
Consumer Reports carries out tests on products, such as cars, gadgets and home furnishings
Somali-based terror group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the bus attack
Land reform agreement is the first of six points that negotiators need to broker
Nazeris' music based on 13th-century Persian poet and philosopher Rumi
Jose Mourinho angered by the decision to sell Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Barcelona
Rep.
"It's definitely a reminder of the danger of the sport that we all love," instructor says
Argentina beat Bolivia 3-0 in South American qualifier for 2010 World Cup
It's an interesting and unconventional approach to marketing the device
Kerry Kennedy, daughter of the late Sen.
No one was injured in the blast
"It has snowed more than ever," Curacautin Mayor Jorge Saquel says
Justin Rose defends his U.S.
9-year-old Chloie Leverette and 7-year-old Gage Daniel were last seen Sunday
Do you know a hero?
Sgt.
James King said he set out on his own to look for Nadia on Tuesday
Virginia grand jury indicts Vick and the three co-defendants on state charges
U.S.
George is free on unconditional bail and is not barred from traveling
She was airlifted to a local hospital, where she died
When an urgent need is identified, Smokey Robinson will send out a "Smoke Alarm"
The space invaders of this surprisingly thrill-less Moscow-set thriller are invisible
It's clear from early on that these characters are as indistinct and lazily rendered
"We need full disclosure by BP and the Coast Guard, so this never happens again"
Those who qualify can receive up to $240,000 to repair or replace homes
New research indicates that a play published in 1728 was written by William Shakespeare
The action takes place five years after the conclusion of "Borderlands"
Rep.
The issue is considered much broader than a public rift between the two men
Dr.
J.D.
Ottery St.
Nearly half of the displaced people in the world are found in Africa
Aid agencies have criticized some African countries for failing refugees
U.S.
Dr.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows
South Korean Noh Seung-yul has won the Malaysian Open by a single stroke
Still, he emerges as more than just a sweaty beast who gave good pratfall
Analysts say Samsung's handset sales are helping weaknesses
Experts also say the strengthening US dollar against the Korean won helps exports
"We honestly and truly believe that this was a setup," defense attorney says
The case came to light when four men were accused of trying to bribe the victim
Endeavour is scheduled to launch on its final mission April 19
Interpol issues a red notice -- an international wanted alert -- for Lewthwaite
Fran Drescher: We're going to go deeper into Fran being a single, middle-aged woman
"I think I wanted to learn about my father the same way he did," George says
Edward Snowden was granted temporary asylum in Russia
Maj.
Sarkozy is first European head of state to visit Haiti since quake
More than 30 rail manufacturers agree to establish or expand U.S. operations if hired
Until two years ago, Air India allowed an attendant's weight to vary within 6.6 pounds
Spain will now face Portugal in the second round
Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year?
Rumors of financial difficulties, health problems have swirled around star
Do you know a hero?
Nigeria's Rotimi Babatunde has won the 2012 Caine Prize for African Writing
Babatunde's story was chosen from 122 entries from 14 African countries
The Â£10,000 ($15,700) Caine prize is awarded in memory of former Booker prize chairman Sir Michael Caine
Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned for life
Refugees are renting out shops and converting them into makeshift homes
Thatcher was a giant in British politics, in large part due to her revolutionary approach to the economy
Philippines Sen.
He said he would continue the fight started by his parents to promote democracy
The event at Madrid Arena featured electronic music and a costume contest
Dr.
The mission is a test flight for Richard Branson's dream of affordable space travel
Why?
Gov.
The PlayStation Network allows users to play games with friends worldwide
Wilson, 28, spent six years with the Ferguson Police Department
If convicted, Stallworth could face up to 15 years in prison.
From now on, if your device doesn't have a 5-inch screen (or bigger), you're out of date.
The election of Hong Kong's top leader may be by universal suffrage in 2017
But will it happen without Beijing screening the candidates?
TSA vets student pilots against terror watch lists and conducts criminal checks
NASA recently deployed live webcams on the International Space Station
"Teratoma" comes from the Greek word "teraton," meaning "monster".
Barcelona's Brazil forward Ronaldinho is granted dual nationality by Spain
The three U.S.
Gov.
Diabetes is caused when there is too much glucose or sugar in the body
Type 1 diabetes was once known as juvenile diabetes; it's usually diagnosed in children
Lee Majors has booked a two-episode guest spot on the second season of "Dallas"
He'll play Ken Richards, an old flame of Sue Ellen's
Sen.
GOP Rep.
Dating in the digital era can be a rocky road, but in the forthcoming airing of "Inside Man," Morgan Spurlock looks to redefine the road trip
Fernandez, 58, has said her second term will be dedicated to her late husband's memory.
Their research was partially funded by a multimillion dollar National Institutes of Health grant
He is in good condition at a Pensacola hospital
The justices heard an hour of debate about scope and intent of decade-old statute
The more Paul rises, the more he needs to temper his rhetoric and fine-tune his message
England soccer captain John Terry charged with racially abusing another player
Terry will appear before magistrates in London on February 1, 2012
Sgt.
Sgt.
New Zealander finds confidential U.S. military files on a used MP3 player
He lost his case that the conviction violated his right to a private and family life
China rejects accusations of oppression, saying its rule has greatly improved living standards
Her death, at age 48, was the final chapter of the storied career that began in the 1980s
Houston's career stalled as her drug use and marriage to Bobby Brown made for tabloid fodder
Greg Jacobs will direct
The militants were smuggled into Sinai from Sudan among groups of African migrants
The Wall Street Journal reports that Apple is experimenting with iPhone screen sizes
Gabay believes rivals, notably Korean-technology company, Samsung, are starting to gain ground
The Navy SEAL unit that killed Osama bin Laden participated in the mission
Bayern looking to become the first team to defend the Champions League title
22 Italian service members have been killed in the Afghan conflict
There are currently 42,000 non-U.S.
Peruvian officials have demanded their return for years
Bulger, 82, has pleaded not guilty to all charges against him, including 19 murder counts
Five more officers -- Santa Barbara County deputies -- were injured
The region of Soma has been deeply impacted by the nuclear crisis
"We are all in the same situation.
Both were comrades-in-arms some four years ago during massive anti-graft movement
Bachner was arrested after accepting a small amount from an undercover official
CNN was the only news agency present at the meeting
Russell T.
Serbian third seed Novak Djokovic claims dramatic triumph at Australian Open
Djokovic defeated unseeded Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 4-6 6-4 6-3 7-6
Sugarland's representative said the group would offer no comment about the lawsuit
Obada Mzaik, a dual American and Syrian citizen, went missing on January 3
All U.S.
When golfers have mobility limitations they compensate with their low back and knees, which often leads to pain and injury
History shows that second terms can be tougher for presidents
"It looks like there's been a little war zone around here"
Pentobarbital is an anesthetizing drug widely used to euthanize dogs, cats and other animals.
World No.
U.S.
Bud is the second named storm of the East Pacific hurricane season
Robert P.
More than 20,000 foreigners have gone to fight for ISIS, experts have told Congress
Police had no immediate "clear suspicions"
"It's like a piece of history, a time capsule," Emin says
He was sentenced to five years on probation and 100 hours of community service
U.S.
Lt.
"When I went back to Ethiopia, I wanted to do something.
Sen.
House Speaker John Boehner said Obama is willing to "unilaterally rewrite the law".
Bush nominated Lt.
By law women are excluded from combat jobs, the typical path to four-star rank
Spielberg had planned to make the film adaptation of the novel Robopocalypse
Drew Goddard, who penned "Cabin in the Woods" with Joss Whedon, had drafted a script for the story
Capt.
African champions TP Mazembe Englebert through to semifinals of World Club Cup
Several U.S.
Australians still tend to see China through a historical lens as predatory and alien
No tsunami warnings were issued
The region is located along the Pacific "ring of fire," an area of high seismic and volcanic activity
267-page report released in July blamed ex-president with taking part in coverup
Two humanitarian workers killed
Riccardo Ricco is suspended by his Dutch-based Vacansoleil cycling team
Wittels produced, wrote and occasionally appeared in episodes of the show
Thousands reached out through CNN's iReport Web page, asking for information
Virginia Gov.
Ruud van Nistelrooy has joined Hamburg on a free transfer from Real Madrid, the German Bundesliga club have confirmed.
Hamburg coach Bruno Labbadia revealed he was pleased to capture the striker and is confident he will find the net regularly for the club.
The deadline for nominations is 17 December 2014.
Morrissey sustained hand and arm injuries after being attacked by a dog
Despite the injury, Morrissey will roll on with his European tour
Japan will spend about $49 billion on defense in the fiscal year to March 2015
Under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Japan is becoming more assertive about its defense posture
"Monsters vs.
Portugal will face Bosnia Herzegovina for a place at Euro 2012
Sen.
The agents were assisting in the apprehension of suspected illegal immigrants
U.S.
Pfc.
Holmes' attorney has said his client did not kill any civilian
Roland S.
Police began investigating the Nejloveanus after a social worker became concerned
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says the immigration problem is being dealt with
China's rapid economic growth has expanded the size of China's cities and towns
A cruise ship carrying 122 people was stranded Thursday
Rep.
"I saw winning the lottery as the only way out," he writes
E!
300,000 expectant dads have turned to Boot Camp for New Dads
Hugh Masekela songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid
More than 8,000 Syrians have fled their country for Turkey
Some 70% of Walker's donations in last month came from outside Wisconsin
Jean-Fritznel St.
Devyani Khobragade was accused of lying on a visa application
The study was conducted by the National Autonomous University of Mexico
England has banned smoking in cars where children are present
Saudi Arabia is the UK's largest trading partner in the Middle East
Adm.
The claim has not been verified by an independent body.
Athor rebelled after losing a gubernatorial election in the spring of 2010
Redford struck back at a group that suggested the state should reconsider funding Sundance
The trio also discussed the Institute's national and international outreach
Dujana is the alleged leader of the military wing of Jemaah Islamiyah
Dujana is accused of direct involvement in the Bali nightclub bombings of 2002
Previous rumors said that Apple will show no new devices
For years, India did not recognise patents on drugs, which allowed India's generics drugs industry to flourish
In a statement issued following the ruling, Novartis called the decision "a setback for patients"
Novartis has threatened that if it lost the case, it would not introduce its newest generation of medicines to India
Doctor: The average child collects an estimated 3,500 and 7,000 calories on Halloween
Kitterman found bound, blindfolded and fatally stabbed
A British nanotech company has created what it says is the world's darkest material
Cecilia died of heatstroke after being left for nearly eight hours
"Do not confront this person, notify law enforcement," FBI says
Three soldiers are among 12 service members who brought prostitutes to hotel rooms
A high proportion of ads are pitching soda, snacks, and other junk foods
The relationship between TV commercials and unhealthy eating may be more pronounced
Washington paid to see exotic and rare animals throughout his life
AMC has ordered two new drama pilots
Rep.
U.N.
The decision will determine whether political documentaries can be regulated
New Jersey Gov.
"Would I do it again?
GDL programs are now in place in one form or another in all 50 states
His main rival is the current Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai
Apple has been monolithically silent about the matter, as always
Tape recorded last winter when Hutaree members were driving to Kentucky
Defense attorneys dismissed the tape as just talk
Vatican orders bishop who denies Holocaust to "distance himself" from views
Texas Gov.
Kevin Ward Jr.
"China suffers a serious lack of balance, co-ordination and sustainability in its development," said Hu Jintao
Final polls suggest the AKP is heading for another victory
United States striker Abby Wambach wins Women's World Player of the Year award
San Diego was chosen to host 2012 World Beer Cup -- the "Olympics of Beer"
The club and its owners will raise around $234m from the sale of 16.7m shares
When the shares start trading on Friday it will mark the biggest sports listing on record
The president also pledges to provide more support to Ugandan athletes
Adam Lanza burst into the Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14
A BMI between 18.5 and 24.9 indicates a normal weight
Mohammed Bdaiwi, Baghdad bureau chief of Radio Free Iraq, shot and killed in Baghdad
The very young and the elderly are more likely to have a severe case
U.N.
Roland S.
Texas billionaire Allen Stanford is taken into custody on a fraud-related charge
The storm was part of a slow-moving front moving south
"If ISIS goes, another radical organization may come in," he says
Sloan says she's willing to accept the risks
The U.S.
U.S.
China opposes the bill, warning it "seriously violates rules of the World Trade Organization and obstructs China-U.S. trade ties"
Investigators found prescription vials in the vehicle and a suicide note inside the house
New Jersey Gov.
Lance Cpl.
Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months
Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is battling for a third term in office
Egypt's highest court has accepted the appeal of three jailed journalists
The coming weeks will be difficult for Niger, Chad, Mali and Mauritania
The red phone is an icon of the Cold War
Retired Army Col.
"Dr.
"She is (a) fully qualified, highly trained, combat ready pilot"
It was the first meeting since the death of Kim Jong Il
Koop is survived by his wife, three children and eight grandchildren
Chuck Hagel in 2007: "People say we're not fighting for oil.
Rules have tightened up against dangerous play to curb stray boots and flying fists
More than $85 billion in government-wide spending cuts took effect on Friday
U.S.
Apparently, no one was looking up "SOPA" on Wikipedia.
While most oil wells are in the south, the pipelines and port are in the north
South Sudan halted oil production in January after accusing Sudan of stealing
Divers are still searching the submerged vessel for the missing people
As the days wore on, more and more began to voice their frustration
Four tribesmen from Arab Rizeigat tribe reportedly killed in clashes Sunday
Fighting part of an outbreak of violence over the weekend that killed as many as 54
What this interpretation sacrifices in teachable moments, it makes up for in intelligent giddiness
Todashev's family has disputed that he posed any threat to law enforcement
U.S.
Dr.
Former first lady Mirlande Manigat will now face musician Michel Martelly
Johnson worked up until his death, signing autographs over holidays
At least 116 cases have been reported in 25 states
Mexico enacted law that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drugs
"They poked me five times.
Commanding the headset is as easy as uttering the words "OK, Glass"
Google also launched a contest seeking creative uses for Google Glass
U.S.
U.N.
Rep.
Three aid workers have been shot over the last day in Somalia, two of them fatally
Max Weinberg won't be going with Conan O'Brien to Conan's new show on TBS
Admirers poured into the streets of Prague with candles and flowers
Sens.
After surviving a car accident, Kaitlin Hunter battled a bacterial infection
Tyler Perry is the first African-American to own a major film and TV studio
2011 U.S.
Zimbabwe maintains that the situation is being exaggerated by the West
India is now one of the fastest growing markets for chicken in the world
The U.S.
Nadal Djokovic battled to a 6-3 3-6 2-6 7-5 6-3 win over compatriot Viktor Troicki in his opening game
Marcos Baghdatis succumbed to a shock defeat to Arnaud Clement of France
Poland has been a success story amongst the transition economies, proving resilient to recession
The EU Flag flying outside the factory reflects Placek's ambitious outlook for the business
If you rely on iCal, you don't have to switch to Google Calendar
Accept that you'll have to let go of some treasured tools
Man killed seven CIA officials and a Jordanian military officer last week in Afghanistan
Iraqi government bans all organized visits to Saddam Hussein's grave
Move reflects concern of Iraq's government over presence of the Baath Party
Ricin is poison that can be made from waste after processing castor beans
Nine foreigners abducted in June while apparently on a picnic in Saada region
"What could possibly go wrong?"
Chao said Sina has been working to set up a "credibility system"
Video: Ansah demonstrates the secrets of a great on-screen fight
Wot Went Wrong allows you to send a virtual comment card to your ex
Crowded Room is an Android/iPhone app that lets you meet like-minded people
Julian E.
Stevens was charged in 2004 with selling depictions of animal cruelty
It's unclear what the 45-year-old Shia Muslim from Victoria state said or did to get arrested
New York Gov.
Aid groups say as many as 250,000 civilians are trapped in the area
English Premier League City had been linked with a move for the 33-year-old midfielder who has a stop-start career at the San Siro.
Juan Sebastian Veron has rejected the chance to join City and intends to see out his playing career at Argentinean club Estudiantes.
New York Rep.
The U.S.
Sepp Blatter apologizes for remarks about gay fans attending 2022 World Cup
In 1971, the first "Our Bodies, Ourselves" book sold 250,000 copies
Time magazine named "Our Bodies, Ourselves" one of the best nonfiction books since 1923
Blackpool beat Cardiff 3-2 in Championship playoff final at Wembley
At issue are General Electric CF6-45/50 series jet engines, found on a small number of jets
Overall I found this computer to be a refreshing approach to computing in the cloud
Sahil was in good condition, said Aslam Tareen, the head of the regional police
They reportedly demanded a ransom of 10 million rupees ($118,000)
Sixteen-year-old Jessica Watson plans to sail solo around the world
Denny's introduced its signature Grand Slam breakfast in Atlanta in 1977
The original Waffle House opened on Labor Day 1955
Retired U.S.
Germany captain Michael Ballack has suffered a fractured left knee cap
The threat of oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill kept many tourists away last year
Dr.
U.S.
Less than six months later, that number dwindled to just over 40%
The three Americans were hiking in northern Iraq's mountainous Kurdish area
It'll be roughly October 2012 before smartphones actually take over as a majority
Utah Gov.
Yuki Izumoto developed white patches on her neck, hands and face
Skin whitening is a near obsession for some women in many Asia countries
"Secret Life" is in the middle of its fourth season
The incident marks the latest labor discontent in the nation's mining heartland
U.S.
"Dungeons and Dragons" spawned video games, novels, a cartoon, and a movie
The third generation of the Kim dynasty pledges to build on his family's legacy
Bush administration memos argued waterboarding did not violate U.S. laws
Spread of the virus is entering an "acceleration period," official says
Capt.
CBS is planning "CSI" and "CSI: NY" cross-over episodes for February sweeps
"CSI" will kick things off on Wednesday, Feb.
The strategy is the latest in a series of CBS crossovers
"It might seem ungrateful if I got this lunch for free.
The letter had a Memphis, Tennessee, postmark and no return address
Ricin is a highly toxic substance derived from castor beans
Sandusky was convicted in 2012 of 45 counts of child sex abuse against 10 boys
Joan E.
2014 was the hottest year since record keeping began in 1880
Agathe Habyarimana was arrested at her French home Tuesday morning
Dr.
U.S.
Wiesel calls on government to bail out charities just as it has bailed out carmakers
China's public health authorities taking throat swabs from live food dealers
About a quarter of holiday shoppers plan to buy virtual gifts this year, a report says
Cher has taken to Twitter to defend Bono's decision to join "Dancing With the Stars"
"Taken 2" kicked its way back into the top slot for a second weekend
Maradona says Serie A club should have paid the taxes
Sen.
Germans have always oscillated between fascination with and scepticism of American politics
Earlier this week, police arrested dozens in an alleged child trafficking ring
CERN's next ambition is to create a beam of antimatter
Sugar sweetened beverage consumption has increased significantly
Men consume on average 178 calories per day from sugar sweetened beverages
Soda often displaces more healthful items in the diet
Morsy told the American delegation he is committed to respecting religions
At the box office, 1994's "The Lion King" was re-released in 3-D in September
Nickelodeon's TeenNick launched its '90s programming block in response to consumer demand
It seems that while the kids have grown up, a lot of the culture that surrounds them hasn't
The Rev.
All member states have to ratify the treaty before it can be adopted
87,000 U.S.
Google plans to use a network of high-flying balloons to deliver low-cost Internet
Loon balloons strategically positioned on stratospheric winds, controlled by algorithms
He is considered one of the most dangerous men in the world
Bilal Abdulla and Mohammed Asha charged with conspiracy to murder
GSK will acquire total share capital of Stiefel for $2.9 billion
He died at home surrounded by his family and loved ones
Legendary Austrian skier Hermann Maier ends his illustrious career at age of 36
Apple has 21 days to appeal against the UK ruling
U.S.
Its residents are accused of using culture and heritage to discriminate against black people
Pvt.
Foster, who has a wife and two young children, said he still plans to deploy to Afghanistan
137 people dead in provinces, including Baguio City, Benguet and Mountain
U.S.
it's A&E's most-watched telecast ever and cable's biggest reality show telecast so far this year
"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" came in second with $17.7 million
"It's a damn shame," Maryland Gov.
Gov.
The untitled project stars Martin Lawrence as a widowed father of two teenagers
Gen.
The debate over the potential effects of food dyes has been simmering since the 1970s
Lionel Messi crowned world footballer of the year after winning Ballon d'Or award
Do you know where this photo was taken?
The Vatican vehemently denied the allegations
Dr.
10 U.S.
Union organizers in the South suffered a setback Friday
The vote was 712 against the union and 626 in favor
Reed also appeared in the 2000 movie "Bring It On"
Investigators looking into possible securities violations request the restraining order
He is wanted by the International Criminal Court
"No-permission" Android apps can access potentially sensitive data on your phone
Don't install apps that require too many permissions, and report any suspicious activity
Police say they have found a video online of Magnotta committing the crime
Mo Elleithee was a senior spokesman for Hillary Clinton's 2008 campaign
Mohamed Ghannouchi's resignation comes after three people were killed during protests
@oliviawilde: Woohoo!!
Attorneys for O.J.
The protesters insist they are not opposed to democracy but want wide-ranging reform
U.S.
Howard K.
AT&T's network is faster, while Verizon's is more reliable with phone calls
The AT&T iPhone's download speeds are about double the speed of Verizon's
On international stage, Russia has been excluded from G8 group of industrialized nations
Michael Jackson's Hollywood Walk of Fame star is in front of Grauman's
Not a single woman in the United States expressed a preference for spanking
J.
The U.N.
The Canadian singer-rapper introduced his melancholy-player persona on 2010's platinum "Thank Me Later"
Staff Sgt.
Lenny Dykstra charged Thursday with two counts of indecent exposure
Fans of "The Walking Dead" are making their way to Georgia
More than 150 film and TV productions were shot in Georgia in fiscal year 2014
JFK and Newark Liberty airports will reopen to arrivals at 6 a.m.
U.S.
Director Sam Mendes announced the name Thursday
14% of U.S.
U.N.
U.S.
An Ohio inmate appeared to gasp and convulse for about 10 minutes before he died
Jobs deemed the iPad "a truly magical and revolutionary product" in January
Fitow battered Okinawa
Michael D.
Backers of the bill have been hoping to win as many as 70 votes in the Senate
Notices of dismissal were filed Friday
Every one of the 239 people on board is both a possible victim and suspect
Prosecutors are expected to rest their case Friday
Dr.
At the inaugural ceremony in 1984, Madonna attained instant superstar status
U.S.
The result lifts Colombia to the top of the group ahead of Argentina and Bolivia
England and Sri Lanka draw their third and final Test at the Rose Bowl
U.N.
The Perseids have been observed for at least 2,000 years
Tamu Massif covers an area of about 120,000 square miles
The underlying themes include isolation and "otherness" and the search for human dignity
Calls for greater investment in agriculture to tackle long and short-term hunger
U.S. may rotate out USS George Washington once amphibious ships arrive
Former world No.
"People who are supposed to be running our prisons have lost control," says attorney
Their bodies were found in the small mining community of Nacozari de Garcia
"Brave" stands as a crisp, lively frolic, brimming with texture and color
Jane Austen is one of the English language's best-known and most-loved writers
CNN/Opinion Research Corp.
Jeffrey Ross called White "the only person who truly saw Titanic in 3-D"
Randoseru, Japan's traditional schoolchild's backpack, has become the latest must-buy souvenir in Japan
U.N. is monitoring five countries because of sexual violence in conflicts
Al-Libi considered one of al Qaeda's top strategists and most vocal leaders
Qatari Labor Ministry denies that workers are being exploited.
U.S District Judge Shira A.
Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio has said he would drop the city's appeal of Scheindlin's ruling
Illinois Gov.
Eva Rausing had struggled with drug addiction for years, an acquaintance says
Gen.
Xu was a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission
Bulger is charged in the deaths of 19 people over two decades
Man's face painted like the Joker from the Batman movies
Wladimir Klitschko has told reporters he is looking forward to silencing David Haye
Spc.
The finding confirms research done more than 75 years ago
Tributes are flooding in following the sudden death of Espanyol's Daniel Jarque
Health care ruling had exactly zero impact on the presidential race at the time
A video detailing his master plan recently surfaced on YouTube
U.N.
Michelle Obama invited more than 20 accomplished women to the White House
Arizona Gov.
The United States and North Korea do not have diplomatic relations
The bill funding government now runs out in mid-January
The two sides have a nearly $100 billion gap to bridge
Paul Ryan and Patty Murray are narrowing down the issues
The song is going to be sanitized to "Forget You"
Racist taunts, alleged and proven, have dogged English football for years
The Chinese government has barred the country's airlines from complying with a European Union charge
Chinese airlines had previously said they would not pay the EU carbon tax
47-year-old Virginia man charged with interfering with a flight crew
It will be known as "Tournament of Hope" and build awareness of poverty and HIV/AIDS
"We are scared," says Renu Devi, a woman in the village
Michael J.
Several Kazakh women were detained by the police after protesting against the ban
Look back at events that led to powerful protests in China 20 years ago
See China's reaction to media coverage of a significant anniversary
Check out a new technology that makes lawn care much less manual
The protests came on the anniversary of the 1967 Middle East War
Former New York Gov.
The 19 small houses that run solely on solar power were built over two weeks
Some of Banksy's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars
Mehsud also vowed to avenge recent death of Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud
St.
Dr.
Group supports the Fix Gun Check program pushed by Sen.
D.C.
Born in Brooklyn and raised in Detroit, Aaliyah quickly garnered a fan base in the '90s
At the time of her death, she had three top-selling albums under her belt
Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez should apologize to Manchester City fans
Gen.
The performance will stream live on YouTube at 7:45 p.m.
The A-list stars attached to the West Coast reading are not expected to remain with the play
Rep.
One person was killed after a train derailed in Belgium
Stars and fans honored George Jones on Thursday at the Grand Ole Opry House
Randy Travis, Brad Paisley and Tanya Tucker paid homage to Jones
Laura Bush thanked Jones' widow, Nancy, for giving her the opportunity to speak
Pacino and Walken play second-rate Baltimore gangsters in their late 60s
The boat was en route from a settlement camp in western Uganda to the DRC
Four men gathered in a parking lot shot and killed Sunday in Mount Airy
Nearly 1,500 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced
Riches is among the victims' relatives notified that terrorism charges were refiled
The U.S.
Her debut album "Born to Die" debuted at No.
Impressively, Del Rey accomplished this feat without a single bona fide "hit"
The deputy head of the Iraqi National Dialogue Front is killed by a suicide bomb blast
The government says the latest labor reforms are needed to bring flexibility to the workplace
Greece may need to tap its eurozone partners for an extra 10 billion euros in funding
Since 1998, the group has provided nearly 10,000 victims with legal and social services
Do you know a hero?
The city Board of Elections temporarily relocated or combined some polling locations
Nabeel Rajab says about 25 people pulled up to his house
"I still think I'm a little in shock.
Fahmy is one of three journalists arrested in Cairo in December 2013
"We belong on the road.
"Cyclists, stay off the roads without bike lanes!!
"The 20/20 Experience" has sold just over two million copies
U.S.
Sen.
Among questions is whether $2.2 billion trucking contract went to pay warlords
Jurors will return to court Thursday for the next phase of the trial
They say the demolitions are part of a broader campaign to target illegal structures
Chinese church leaders say it's the worst anti-Christian crackdown in decades
Sen.
St.
It's not clear from the footage how many of the pieces were originals, versus replicas
The artifact is in the custody of the National Institute of Peru
Announcement comes after allegations of corruption in free schooling campaign
Ford has become infamous for his antics, including an admission that he smoked crack
Egypt has suffered bloody internal strife since Morsy was overthrown
The 21.5-inch iMac features one Thunderbolt port, and the 27-inch model has two
U.S.-Russia Relations have descended to a new low over the last eight months
Sen.
Seth Rogen calls Macklemore out on Twitter for wearing an "anti-Semitic costume"
Union rules limit the hours actors and crew members can work
U.N.
The best deals are on items labeled "tax free" and otherwise taxed heavily
Says costume reflects the rise of anti-immigrant hostility as a form of racism
The deaths are the single largest loss of life among U.S. troops in Iraq since 2009
In popular parlance, these young lovers of even younger men are dubbed "pumas"
Husband of woman who died after being refused abortion will not cooperate with inquiry
New measures feature additional random checks after passengers make it through security
Get command of whitewater paddling basics at Otter Bar Lodge Kayak School
This comes on the heels of a massive breach at Target
Search teams have found 51 of the 228 people who died
World No.
U.S.
More than 2,000 homes are damaged in Java and Bali
U.N.
U.S. federal government lists dozens of capital offenses punishable by death
Dallas Safari Club has received a string of death threats over the auction
Chen, whose term ended in May, is accused of embezzling about $18 million
Lohan must report to jail by June 17
Anti-virus software will help protect your system from being infected, but it's expensive
"We take all human loss of life very seriously," says a U.S.
U.S.
At least 851 children in Shaanxi province found to have lead poisoning.
Why is "Letterman" the place celebrities go to unleash their crazy?
She says it was her incredibly strong instinct to live that helped her get through every day
Gen.
CNN's Ben Wedeman says Muslim community has sent condolences to the Copts
The three were arrested in and around London on November 6
U.S.
The case has become a high profile test for the Justice Department
"Taken" is intense and reads like a big-budget Hollywood blockbuster
Rep.
Wayne Rooney ruled out of England's final qualifier against Belarus
Dr.
Gen.
NEW: Charges of rebellion will be leveled against many of those arrested during martial law
McCain accepted $85 million in federal funds for last two months of campaign
The goal was to rid society of people labeled "feeble-minded" or "defectives"
California's response to victims stands in stark contrast to North Carolina's
It's common for Twitter to quietly test new features and design updates
Inter Milan are once again five points behind AC Milan at the top of the Serie A table
Christopher D.
One Filipino soldier was also killed, and two more were wounded
Gov.
A barking chauvinist bigot, Aladeen makes Borat look like a puppy dog
"We're afraid that rockets will fly into the church and kill someone."
Lt.
When you buy a card on the social network for a friend, a message tells them of the gift
He is survived by his wife, two daughters and four grandchildren
Violence in eastern Congo has displaced an estimated 250,000 people
Saudi Arabia has diagnosed more than 230 cases of the H1N1 virus this year
Saudi government says it will set up quarantine centers at airports
Gov.
Hundreds of journalists and international monitors attended the April by-election
Sen.
They started to reach rebels about two weeks ago, the official says
But in the spirit of a Greek tragedy, much political blood has been spilt along the way
Chicago approves a measure that allows citations for those carrying small amounts
Offenders would face a fine that ranges from $250 to $500
Rhode Island Gov.
New York Gov.
L.A.
U.S.
Plans to embalm the body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez hit a snag
Swayze broke through with his performance in 1987's "Dirty Dancing"
Shopping malls, office towers and homes draw on its principles
That's more than one-third of some 11 million emergency calls made in New York each year
RUF rebels were known for hacking off civilians' hands and feet
U.S.
Greece's main labor unions have called a general strike on June 15
Luxembourg's Alain Hamer will referee two Scottish Premier League matches in two days
This week the BoJ reported that Japan's monetary base expanded 42 per cent from a year earlier in August
Men are among 1,700 ethnic Rohingya from Myanmar who are being held in appalling conditions
U.S.
Eddie Murphy had the unenviable fate of taking second place
Reese Witherspoon and Denzel Washington rounded out the pack in fourth and fifth place
Uttering the words "Yo Quiero Taco Bell," Gidget's popularity soared
Gidget, a female dog, played a male dog in the commercials
"Today he won, Mom!"
The killing of Osama bin Laden may convince more to turn, the general says.
Wen Jiabao and Naoto Kan met on the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting
Shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the Nembe creek pipeline
Rafaeli was caught wearing an engagement ring a few months back
Lt.
One major challenges is how to keep the small drones away from larger aircraft
Between January and September of last year, 31,000 migrants are believed to have entered the European Union illegally.
European nations such as Germany and Sweden have already opened there doors to refugees fleeing war in the home nations
Yahoo! has secured exclusive rights to publish online highlights of the English Premier League
C.Y.
There may be the equivalent of 45 billion barrels of oil under Kurdish land
Every time an ISIS video is shown, the group gets what it wants: publicity
Hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933
Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express
Economy is a top concern for Chinese leaders as the ruling Communist Party (CCP) gathers
This week marks the centenary of the assassination in Sarajevo of Archduke Franz Ferdinand
U.N.
Sixteen-year-old Jessica Watson plans to sail solo around the world
Investigators do not believe Campbell had any contact with the three girls
"We're not averse to calling," Netanyahu tells CNN's Piers Morgan
U.S.
The couple dated for years before they got engaged in 2013
A clip from an upcoming episode shows Tucker confronting his future mother-in-law
Staff Sgt.
Afghanistan, North Korea and Somalia are seen as the most corrupt nations in the world
U.S.
"Judge Judy" is the highest-rated regular series in all of TV syndication
Shirley Robertson hitches a ride on some of the world's most iconic yachts
Aid groups say as many as 250,000 civilians are trapped in the area
In general, the cars weigh around 600 kilograms in race trim
Dr.
World Bank's estimate of China's economic growth is about 7.5 percent
"He's a smart little boy.
He says a leader must "connect the dots" between what an employee does and why it matters to the organization.
For a taste of the Hawaii that Oprah enjoys, head to Upcountry Maui
Juarez considered flash point in Mexico's nearly five-year war on organized crime
Meeker had been watering the tiger when he was attacked
French nuclear submarine joins hunt for wreckage from Air France Flight 447
U.S.
Opponents of same-sex marriage argue that the equality argument made by gay rights campaigners is a false one
GOP Sen.
The extension comes after President Rafael Correa was attacked by police on September 30
Melting glaciers in Alps forcing Italy and Switzerland to redraw their borders
The 19th-century version of a bikini was made out of either heavy flannel or wool
The British market for superyachts grew more than 15 percent last year
Houston, Texas-based military contractor KBR said the person was an employee
Investors continue applying doctrines that were appropriate when capital was scarce
Reapply every two hours -- more often if you're in and out of the water
U.S.
Forests in the Pacific Northwest are dying twice as fast as they were 17 years ago
Nadya Suleman pleaded not guilty Friday
The two countries agreed to meet Monday to defuse tensions
The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962
Rep.
Critics say the measure allows the wealthy to avoid military service
The FBI is investigating the armed standoff on federal lands
An estimated 300 people, many toting weapons, joined Bundy
Lt.
Iran's elite Quds Force is training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS.
U.S.
Loughner's mental condition has been central to the court proceedings
U.N.
It is rare for North Korean defectors to sail to Japan's coast
Police say men shouted "anti-gay remarks" while viciously beating victim
Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny has been convicted of misappropriation
A court freed him from detention on July 19, pending an appeal of the court's ruling against him
Navalny famously branded the ruling United Russia party "the party of crooks and thieves"
U.S.
Thongchai Jaidee and Kim Do-hoon both card eight-under-par rounds of 64
Bush is the wife of the 41st president, George H.W.
In her role as first lady, she championed the cause of literacy
"The problem still is there.
Commission listened to prison camp survivors who suffered through childhoods of starvation
He was found shot in the head in his home-office
Lionel Messi scores twice in Barcelona's 3-1 win over Rayo Vallecano
Police in six states can now give you a ticket for talking on your cell phone
You can get a fine for texting if officer believes you have become distracted
No arrests made
Operation Cross Country 6 took place from Friday through Sunday
Sen.
Leading democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi has rejected voting
Dropbox supports drag-and-drop, simple multiple file sections and keyboard shortcuts
Davender Ghai, 70, argued the practice is already legal under British law
Do you know a hero?
Gov.
Despite an attempt by the British government to block all Czech assets in the UK, the transfer went ahead
Mayor of London Boris Johnson said that the success of the Olympics and Paralympics has spurred investment
St.
"It is hard to believe someone 8 years old can fill up a church like this," coach says
U.N.
The town is under a Stage 4 water emergency
Genetics play a big role in why some people are underweight
The ban could take up to three years to implement
An arrest warrant accuses Fabio Jose Silva Coelho of "disobedience"
Cardinal Sean Brady has been under fire over the investigation
22-year-old arms dealer faces congressional inquiry
Bill would have expanded the State Children's Health Insurance Program
This year marked the 61st anniversary of the 1950 Chinese invasion of Tibet
The Roots were the first performers to bring the entire audience to their feet
The world No.
The series follows four women who became pregnant while in high school
MTV insisted to EW the show's fate has not yet been decided
In the recording, Paet talks about his recent visit to Ukraine
Six people were killed in Rancho Brazos neighborhood
The tribunal accused Serbia of knowing Mladic's whereabouts
Frank Verrastro and J.
French nuclear submarine joins hunt for wreckage from Air France Flight 447
John Lennon would be turning 70 years old on October 9
The U.S.
He has an MBA from USC and EMBA from INSEAD and Tsinghua University
Oliver will cook the meal along with young chefs from his apprentice program
Sen.
Van der Sloot was arrested in June of last year
Grief experts say the loss of a child brings a special kind of despair
U.S.
Greg Buckley Jr. was gunned down by the forces he had been training
"He told me, if I have to stay here until November...
Around 130 people were injured, with dozens were in critical condition
Shocked residents placed flowers outside the burned club in memory of the victims
Xi and other top officials acknowledged the prospect of slower economic growth in 2015
The hydraulic scissor lift he was standing on fell over
She'll report to the sudser's set sometime later this month for a February 11 debut
It's unclear how long Francis, a.k.a.
U.S.
A hearing is set for July
Current campaign manager Adam Sullivan will stay on to advise the campaign.
New Jersey Gov.
Nintendo said Tuesday will introduce a handheld console that plays games in 3-D
Incumbent Sen.
Brig.
El Nino expected to bring torrential rain Thursday to parts of Southern California
"She lived, loved and worked harder than ever before," family says
Android has had pretty well integrated speech-to-text functionality
It took software company Dexetra just eight hours to create the initial version of Iris
The company is nearly making a profit, even as 200,000 small businesses have closed in the crisis
Amnesty says conditions for women have worsened with rise of religious groups
Sen.
"I worry very, very much of the future of democracy in our country," he said
This month will mark the f4th anniversary of protest marches by Tibetan monks
Variant CJD is brain disorder linked to beef from cattle with mad cow disease
The U.N.
P.T.
Rep.
There have been reports of crackdowns on other Iranian universities
"Gene's fine.
Sen.
U.S.
Piracy has become increasingly common in the Gulf of Aden, Indian Ocean
Corporations with strict focus on maximizing shareholder value tend to employ managers with short-term commitment
The bombings strike a market where young men buy and sell pigeons
Alexander Lien was chased by bikers after he hit one during a rally
Thomas and Raymond Kwok among five people charged with a total of eight offenses
Sen.
Rep.
Space agency says the missions are rewriting lunar science text books
World No.
U.N.
Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss must accept their $65 million settlement from Facebook
Zuckerberg and Facebook deny the allegations, but agreed to settle in 2008
High pressure over the Plains is keeping the weather pattern stable, allowing heat to build
Since January, more than 13,000 have died of complications from seasonal flu
The company has 79 listed companies, but it does not conduct online trading
Since its release on March 22, "The Croods" has scored big at the box office
The White House has been considering a range of troop levels to remain in Afghanistan
Arizona Gov.
The 19-year-old gained notoriety for allegedly stealing planes and boats
Four of the counts are punishable by up to ten years in prison
Suit alleges Jon Gosselin violated contract with paid and unpaid TV appearances
U.S.
Sen.
To deal with the disarray, the FAA is in process of canceling registration for all civil aircraft
Maj.
He was relieved of duty in October because of loss of confidence in his leadership
U.S.
Sono's international career never took off because of South Africa's exclusion
The MotoGP season continues this weekend with the Netherlands Grand Prix
Airbus airplane forced to turn back to New York 90 minutes into flight to Paris
Air France A380 turned back due to a "minor incident," airline says
Britain prepares to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's 60th year on the throne
That's a 35-point jump from 1997, when her favorable rating stood at 47%
As many as 125 people have been hospitalized in the state of Uttar Pradesh
She was the first person diagnosed with the disease on U.S.
"I was trying to bring up the obvious, ludicrous TSA-type of security," the pilot says
The U.S.
Average Japanese spends longer at work and getting to work than on leisure
Passenger: "Are we bringing this virus off the ship with us?"
About 800 pediatric cough and cold products are sold in the United States
Enrollment figure is below the target originally set by the administration
Sen.
Obama has come under criticism for what opponents say is a passive approach
Mexico enacted law that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drugs
New studies suggest gold could be created in the collision of two neutron stars
Students will interview U.S. military veterans
Hijuelos was the first Latino to win the prestigious award for fiction
When Sean died, the prime minister was at a government retreat
The service adds a new "Save to Amazon Cloud Drive" button for saving MP3s to the cloud
Users are given 5 GB of free storage, but can get 20 GB if they purchase an album
Google and Apple have been rumored to be hard at work on their own cloud-based players
Most patients had a problem with dehydration, drugs and alcohol, authorities say
St.
A symbol of good luck and prosperity, the dragon lends itself to bold imagery
He was later recalled by the U.S.
In 1988, Massachusetts Gov.
Eight-week long push by Al-Shaabab and Hisb-ul-Islam militias prompted exodus
Many fleeing their homes for first time since start of Somali civil war in 1991
Protesters clashed with security forces in Burkina Faso's capital on Sunday
Hearings held in open fields in neighborhoods where the attacks occurred.
Hearings have tried about 1.5 million cases since they started
"Evil Dead," a remake of Sam Raimi's 1981 cult classic, led the way with $24.2 mil
Giffords and Kelly want background checks for private sales of firearms
A warrant has been issued for Guidroz to return to Washington
U.N.
The unanimous resolution speeds up preparations for a possible intervention
Jose Mourinho defends his post-match tirade after his side lost to Barcelona
Rep.
U.S.
He was suffering from acute kidney and respiratory problems
If the U.S.
The motivation for the research was to eventually cure diseases such as Parkinson's, diabetes
U.S.
Investigators said 178 teachers and principals were involved
Lawyer Ahmed El-Hamrawy was arrested at his home in Alexandria at dawn Monday
Every few months this year have brought reports of a fan falling
U.S.
Loeb says he filed a complaint against the actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos
State Department allocation for living expenses per refugee on arrival is $450
Sibat used to offer predictions and advice to callers on a Lebanese television network
Falluja was the site of some of the bloodiest fighting between U.S. forces and insurgents
Spc.
The world's wildlife has declined by 27 percent since 1970 because of humans
Pollution and overall climate change are other factors causing loss of wildlife
Listeria monocytogenes can cause listeriosis, an uncommon but potentially fatal disease
MetroPCS appears to be moving to bring smartphones to lower-income consumers
U.S.
Real Madrid reduce Barcelona's lead at the top of the Primera Liga to three points
Nine people were injured
North Korea had fired artillery shells into the sea near the border with South Korea
Many Ukrainians think Putin wants to expand Russia to the old borders of the Soviet Union
Putin -- buoyed by rocketing approval ratings at home -- seems unmoved by U.S.
Team Leopard rider Wouter Weylandt of Belgium is killed after a horror crash
Federer: "It's amazing I was able to pull it off because he got a great start in each of the sets"
Comes at a time when Chinese authorities are rounding up dissenters
Ben and Jerry's created Bonnaroo Buzz, a light coffee and malt ice cream
"Education is for life, but their legal status will change"
The U.S.
World No.
Irom Sharmila, 42, started her hunger strike in 2000
Washington's law was approved by about 60 percent of voters in November
News came days after Lawson's two former assistants were cleared of fraud
Iraqi forces detain the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network
Disney pulls out of Bangladesh factories
Fox came in third with a two-hour installment of "So You Think You Can Dance"
"No one is winning; no one can win," says U.N.
U.S.
U.S.
Inside the Middle East explores the stories of women throughout the region
IME also returns to Saudi Arabia to chart the progress of Jeddah United, an all-female basketball team
The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has fought for decades for an independent Islamic state
New York City becomes the largest city to have an age limit as high as 21
Eyes on Justice Anthony Kennedy, a key vote for challengers to the state bans, who has penned decisions in favor of gay rights
His trial date was set for October 15, and he was released on a $10,000 bond
FIFA intends for goal-line technology to be used at December's Club World Cup
Maria Sharapova beats Sara Errani to win French Open final
More than 17,000 households remain without power across New York
Rental vacancies across New York City are less than 5%.
English football star Steven Gerrard has admitted punching a man in a bar
Chance of a ticket winning a Powerball jackpot is 1 in 175,223,510
New York Gov.
Chiang Kai-shek headquartered his nationalist Kuomintang government here until 1949
Bo's dismissal has triggered political in-fighting in the Communist Party ahead of political transition
When 70% of all drivers in the world start their cars, the microchip inside vehicle's computer whirls to life
"The X Factor" will kick things off on Sept.
The East India Co. began as a trading monopoly in 1600
Democrats have accused Republicans of wanting indiscriminate budget cuts
Boehner expects the measure will pass the House early next week
Cycle of Life features 200 human bodies at various life stages
U.S.
Comaneci was honored as a Hero of Socialist Labor
The move takes him out of a potential combat role flying Apache helicopters
Italian Prime Minister says it would be "best" for country's troops to leave Afghanistan
Under Obamacare, companies can no longer deny people with pre-existing conditions
South Carolina ranks near the bottom in the nation when it comes to access to care
"Five" tells stories of different women coping with breast cancer in five vignettes
Sen.
The U.S. ambassador to Syria visited the town Thursday
Seven in 10 people believe that leaders of other countries respect Obama
Rep.
Students will learn about U.S. environmental legislation
Mrs.
"Yoga does things with the human body that defy the imagination," Castro wrote
About 40 million Americans have chronic sleep disorders that prevent good rest
She killed the child after she was asked to bottle-feed him, Saudi police said
About 1.5 million Sri Lankans work abroad
J.R.
Pennsylvania prison guard is accused of sexually and physically abusing 20 inmates
A French soldier was killed during a clash with Islamist fighters in northern Mali
Four French soldiers have been killed in Mali since the intervention in January.
Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt left "I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here" three times
Johnson appeared to confirm his participation in the DC franchise
Warner Bros. had no official comment
"I was screaming.
U.N.
U.S.
For Iranian Jews living in Israel, the debate about Iran cannot be escaped
Film about an American civil war hero who journeys to Mars
The film has failed at the box office despite a $300m production budget
Egypt's traditional allies were openly appalled by the sentences against the three
Sandra Bullock will talk to Matt Lauer on Tuesday morning's Today Show
Bullock's giving the interview to help to publicize Warren Easton Charter High School
Highlights concern among world's top central bank officials ahead of the Greek election
"For a Good Time, Call..." tells the tale of roommates who team up to launch a phone-sex line
Hong Kong has 1,251 skyscrapers and high-rises, the most in the world
Sean Forbes, 26, started a nonprofit called Deaf Performing Artists Network
Ziona, who only goes by his first name, has 39 wives, 86 children and 35 grandchildren.
Ziona's father, Chana, founded the Christian sect in Baktwang that promotes polygamy
"I never wanted to get married but that's the path God has chosen for me"
When demand for calligraphy brushes declined, Kumano companies began producing high-end makeup brushes
The abducted boys are all named after their biological father
Apple will no longer be using OmniVision 5-megapixel image sensors
Japan's national sport of sumo wrestling facing a match-fixing scandal
Many iReporters devoted a lot of time and effort into perfecting their costumes
She is also the youngest Saudi to reach the top of the world
An American convicted of being an al Qaeda operative gets life sentence
Chinese court has found a prominent Uyghur scholar guilty of "separatism"
U.S.
If convicted, he faces a sentence of 15 years to life
It concludes there was no intelligence failure prior to the attack
Singapore Airlines was the top-rated international airline for both premium and economy seating
Explore the reasons behind a shift in political power in Japan
Consider what could be next for Ted Kennedy's seat in the U.S.
Find out how many shuttle missions remain on NASA's schedule
They are powered by solar panels and are equipped with surveillance cameras
U.S.
It says it does not plan to run a candidate for president
The IAEA announced Saturday its inspectors were leaving for the inspection
Iran said Friday it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a nuclear deal
Report urged the government to establish a moratorium on executions
Militants set fire to a hotel at Pakistan's only ski resort Thursday
Militants forced their way into the state-run hotel in the Swat Valley
On March 18, the final negotiations for an arms trade treaty will begin in New York
A grand jury returned an 11-count indictment against Franklin
Since the vote, Iran has seen turmoil not witnessed since the 1979 Islamic revolution
Dr.
Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning
Calls on Skype for iPhone work only if you're in range of a Wi-Fi network
Vatican says it did not know about abuse until decades later
The first new Supreme Court term of the Obama presidency kicks off
U.S.
Maj.
Lifeguard spotted him struggling in the water and large number of sharks
Lance Armstrong denies claims from a former teammate that he used drugs
Vanbuskirk, 36, was a veteran of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department
The server accessed contained only files intended for public consumption
A spate of violent incidents has rocked Xinjiang, long inhabited by the largely Muslim Uyghurs
Army Maj.
Helicopter gunships and fixed-wing aircraft targeted the villages while ,
But Russia is one of the few countries in the world that is nearly self-sufficient in its defense production
The U.S.
U.S.
Apple just became the world's largest smartphone vendor by volume
Frozen also broke Harry Potter's records during its opening weekend
Thor: The Dark World held onto third place with $15.5 million
Los Angeles Lakers beat the Boston Celtics 83-79 in game seven of the NBA finals
90 percent of primate species in Vietnam and Cambodia at risk of extinction
The Rev.
There will be scripts, action figures and art hidden all over Hollywood
The explosion happened at the market's busiest time of the day
U.S.
Ruby Productions produces Tokuda's movies and specializes in elderly porn videos
Ruby Productions says it's just meeting a demand of an aging Japanese society
U.S.
All five living U.S.
He was fourth man from his small hilltop village to be killed fighting for the rebels
Some fans of show boycotted movie because three lead actors are Caucasian
The ruling by the high court in Peshawar follows similar rulings from lower courts
Buckley AFB in Aurora, Colorado, is the closest base to the shooting scene
Catherine and Herbert Schaible turned to prayer rather than medicine to treat their son
More than 30,000 people have been affected
Canada's wines have gained ever-greater kudos in recent years
Victims' family members have said they don't trust authorities
The Rinspeed sQuba is a fully submersible car
Pakistan's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success
Authorities looking for Graham found the remains last Saturday on an abandoned property
"He is dealing with serious personal issues at this time," Fox News says
The FBI eventually blamed the attacks on a civilian scientist
"If people are told by their doctor that they are overweight, it corrects their perception"
Doctors may be reluctant to broach the subject of weight for a number of reasons
Roughly two-thirds of U.S. adults are now overweight or obese
Thousands have died in South Sudan because of drought and political violence
Four switch fires -- but no crashes or injuries -- have been reported, Honda says
Army Sgt.
Ewan McGregor, for his part, said he also emerged "sore" from his scenes with Carano
Carano has officially retired from MMA but says she hasn't ruled out a return
The United States plans to withdraw all its combat troops from Iraq by August
Obama will not announce decision until at least next week
"The Ricki Lake Show" will not be renewed for a second year
CNN not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count
Bayer Leverkusen held to a 2-2 draw by a 10-man Hanover
Hamburg drew 1-1 at home to Nuremberg
Sen.
His song "Livin' La Vida Loca" rose to top of music charts in 1999
Sen.
On Super Bowl Sunday, the FAA will establish a virtual no-fly zone around the stadium
Government was working with local governments Friday to deliver food, supplies
Rain has fallen steadily in some parts of the country for more than two weeks
Pollution levels 30 times the World Health Organization's recommended standard
"Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation," says Dart
200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from Vox Pop coffee shop
Erwiana's case is at the center of an investigation and protests by thousands of people
Watch Venus Williams on Revealed this week at the times below
D.C.
Military hard-liners seek normalization of relations with Washington before more talks
U.S.
Bedell appears to have railed against government repeatedly on Internet
27-year-old walked out on club citing depression and saying he needed break
U.S.
Sen.
Rep.
U.S.
Khmer Rouge regime under Pol Pot blamed for the deaths of 1.7 million people
"So to play that is going to be fun," Bardem said
Dmitry Rybolovlev ordered to pay his former wife $4.5 billion in a divorce settlement
Rybolovlev's total wealth is estimated at $8.8 billion, according to Forbes
Meetup is enabling Americans to create quasi-third parties for new voices and issues
No flights allowed to leave from Terminal C Sunday evening
Air travel for the holiday is expected to rise 3.7%
M-Pesa has nearly 17 million active customers and as many as 186,000 agents worldwide
Howard K.
World No.
World No.
"I am never going to retire," Boxer said.
Arlene is the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season
Bush defends decision to attend next month's Olympics opening ceremony
"Mexico has not achieved the advances its people demand and deserve," he says
Abid Naseer, 28, who was arrested in 2009 in Manchester, England
U.S.
AT&T acquired T-Mobile USA for a whopping $39 billion from Deutsche Telekom
AT&T and T-Mobile USA combined have over 25% more subscribers now than Verizon
U.N.
Bell died of complications after a surgery
Investigators are trying to determine what caused the accident, TV Record says
The Zeros' second album "Here," hit No.5 on the Billboard 200 chart
Dr.
The deadliest Ebola outbreak in history has killed at least 2,600 people
A fund has been set up to help pay for medical expenses
About 5 million people in the United States have chronic heart failure
GOP Rep.
Massimo Busacca selected to referee Champions League final on Wednesday
Pakistani citizen was taken into U.S.
W.
Operation Serval seeks to push Islamist groups out of northern Mali's key cities
Their trial is set to start on June 12
"Airplane!"
A U.S.
U.S.
Obama visited the Great Wall before flying to South Korea
Advertisers have fled newspapers for the greener, cheaper pastures of the internet
Americans filed record 275,284 reports claiming to be ripped off
He had met with first confirmed MERS patient in the United States
Two confirmed cases of MERS have been imported into the U.S.
MERS is a coronavirus, the same group of viruses as the common cold
It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties
Toyoda's long silence is a hallmark of the Japanese culture of consensus building
Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple
The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962
Trade events like air shows give weapons manufacturers a chance to show off their products
Most military products on display are marketed as defensive rather than offensive
U.S.
"I used to have nightmares about Lucio and I separating.
National Asian Pacific American Women's Forum applauds Obama administration
"It's bizarre.
Syria's neighbours like Jordan can't handle the influx of refugee
Microsoft will cut the price of its Xbox 360 game console by about 13 percent
Microsoft timed the price cut to coincide with the release of "Madden NFL 08"
58-year-old Dutchman will be hoping for his second victory in the tournament which he first won with Ajax
Van Gaal has won an impressive 18 titles from the four clubs he has managed over the course of his career
He is on trial in Germany on charges of being an accessory to thousands of murders
Cristiano Ronaldo opens a museum dedicated to his football career
Haqqani fighters are blamed for killing more than 1,000 coalition and Afghan forces
The fight happened inside a tanning salon Sorrentino co-owns with his brother
Maryland Gov.
Gov.
AEG Live lawyer said he intended to question her "about the absurdity of the damages"
Pope Benedict XVI said he plans on resigning the papal office on February 28
Most of those smuggled were recruited from Afghanistan, Iraq, Pakistan, Syria and Turkey
U.N.
Israel says the organized resistance of armed passengers justified the use of deadly force
Residents in six adjacent buildings told to leave those structures
Low humidity and moderate temperatures give Big Sky its characteristic "cold smoke" powder
Sgt.
Under Odeh's leadership, Israel's tiny, splintered Arab parties have teamed up
Guinea-Bissau, fifth-poorest nation in the world, is called Africa's first narco-state
"RIP Michael Jackson ...
In one case, McCauley accused of forging a $3 million dollar check
U.S.
U.S.
Cuba Gooding Sr.
William F.
Gov.
Authorities say he planned to set off bombs at the U.S.
The justices unanimously rule against a critic of U.S. military policy
That issue will continue to percolate in the lower federal courts
"I am born for the battlefield.
Lugo has been charged with six separate counts
Jenson Button has emerged as a contender to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren
"I'm on your side, man.
The Tampa Bay Rays and St.
Dr.
Pachauri was awarded the Padma Bhushan, one of India's highest awards
U.S.
He's on a mission to get Air Canada -- the airline he flies most -- to stop charging the fee
A man was pushed to his death from a subway platform
Bronx resident Wai Kuen Kwok, 61, was killed by the incoming train
But a leading voice in the sector says the country's austerity measures are working
"This is embarrassing.
Army Vice Chief of Staff Gen.
"I need to have time to really analyze this report so I can comment on it," Chief Tom Jackson says
Dr.
Coalition forces working to secure Helmand Province
Paul Teutul Sr.
50,000 soldiers will patrol the streets of Bogota, Colombia, after violent protests
Vandals have smashed windows at foreign businesses, banks and restaurants
Dylan Quick, 20, is charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon
The Weinstein Company decided on Monday that it would release the film unrated
The MPAA refused to lower the R rating it gave the film last month
Opposition Democratic Alliance could claim control of Western Cape province
Gov.
Ethiopians had agreed to withdraw from some bases by Friday
France win the Six Nations rugby title for the first time since 2007
"There must be something wrong when it is considered risky to be a Good Samaritan"
Rep.
"The surgery went well," says a source close to the show
Christians are feeling the heat in other parts of the Muslim world
It was determined that she was eligible for home confinement
She was fitted with an electronic ankle bracelet
U.S.
Symptoms include blood pressure higher than 140 over 90, severe headaches
As the Latino population grows, so will the variety of foods that cater to them
At least 10 people were killed and more than 100 injured
The vaccine is called Bexsero and is made by Novartis
Self-immolation is a common form of protest for Tibetans
"I put my life on the line ... and they're not going to take care of my medical bills?"
Army Sgt.
Sen.
"The (Syrian) regime will rebound after it was near disappearing," he warns
U.S.
According to Facebook, users either "love playing games or hate them"
French Open champion Roger Federer dramatically withdraws from Halle Open
Federer traditionally uses German follow-up event as warm-up for Wimbledon
Harbour Town is one of the best spots on the island to catch the sunset
A memorial service will be held Tuesday
Afghanistan triumphed over Kenya to win the right to play at the 2015 World Cup
Swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig
90,000 extra World Cup tickets will go on sale on Friday morning
Groupon is primarily a sales and writing organization, built on people-power and smiles
The 3Doodler extrudes hot, quick-setting plastic from its nozzle nib, allowing you to "sketch" out small 3D models
A top priority is stopping the fire from spreading further in Yosemite National Park
Gen.
Markoff pleaded not guilty and is being held without bail
Sen.
Khan is regarded as a hero in Pakistan for helping develop nuclear weapons
He played the captain in the 1972 disaster movie, "The Poseidon Adventure"
Harry Nicolaides, 41, was arrested last August over his 2005 book
The book includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince
iPhone 4S went on pre-sale at 12 a.m.
Suu Kyi has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arrest
As much as Arab autocrats fear their people, they also fear Iran
Committee to Protect Journalists has placed 12 countries on its Impunity Index
Lawyers for both sides are due to present arguments Monday morning
Republican state Sen.
U.S.
Akshaya Patra Foundation working with government to feed 1.4 million kids
Gavin Smith disappeared in May 2012 after leaving a friend's house
His black Mercedes was recovered at a storage facility last year
Klitschko said Haye will be the 50th knockout of his professional career
Steven Van Zandt and Nils Lofgren chatted about the new E Street Band
Following the miscarriage Sunday night, Michelle was taken to the hospital
Michelle is recovering well and expected to return home later on Monday
Det.
Bank blamed the bleak outcome on a "decrease of net fees and commissions"
US Airways Flight 1070 was bound for Bermuda with 102 passengers
Monfils saves five match points before beating top seed Roger Federer
He appealed for the abolition of nuclear weapons at the United Nations.
About 140,000 people perished in Hiroshima and an additional 70,000 in Nagasaki
U.S.
Lee Westwood and Justin Rose to play for the World Golf Finals title
BUPA has over 8 million customers in 190 countries
Obama met Wednesday with Haitian President Rene Preval
U.S.
Cumin is used to flavor everything from tagines to mechoui
Train company ONCF operates one of the best train networks in Africa
Chinese travelers also have to grapple with chronic delays in country's busiest air hubs
A retired bishop and a retired priest have been arrested by British police on suspicion of sexual offences
The pair are understood to have worked alongside each other in the Chichester Diocese
Sussex Police insists that there are "no allegations of recent or current offending"
England midfielder Beckham due to return to Los Angeles Galaxy in March
U.S.
Manchester City beat Aston Villa 4-0 to go temporarily top of English Premier League
"Going the Distance" is quite contemporary, but the wistful retro vibe is no accident
Barrymore and Long have the right chemistry; they act out the rhythms of companionship
Kids between the ages of 5 and 9 have the highest rate of dog bite injuries
Even with training, some pets simply do not interact well around strange people or pets
U.S.
Critics say the poll is merely a political show to legitimize the country's rubber stamp parliament
Women in their 40s are leading the charge towards adventure
Fingerprint verification could add an extra layer of security
Currently only around one in 10 board members in Europe's top companies are women
Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines
Tom Petty has been given a songwriting credit for Sam Smith's hit song "Stay With Me"
Sen.
U.S.
Clint Dempsey says U.S.
Jason Momoa's audition tape for "Game of Thrones" is captivating
Baldwin's attorney, James Cobb, said he was disappointed with the decision
The oil separation technology was developed in the 1990s by a company created by Costner
President Barack Obama has insisted he will not put U.S. forces on the ground
U.S.
Cheyenne Woods four strokes shy of qualifying for final rounds of Wegmans event
Many exiles feel that normalizing relations is another victory for a corrupt and evil dictatorship
New York Yankees fourth on the list, Dallas Cowboys fifth
Follows fatal ferry collision last year that left 39 people dead
"When I hit 22, I stopped counting," she is quoted as saying
"I believe I was silent for several minutes.
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for independence
The majority of the "knockoff" products originate in China, officials say
Viard: It doesn't make sense to put heavier tax burdens on people who choose to save for the future rather than spend today
Aiko means "love child" in Japanese
The U.S.
Lance Cpl.
Action figure Steve even has a tiny iPhone in his left hand
Baroness Susan Kramer apologized for the inadvertently inauspicious gift
U.S.
"This is not a game.
St.
The concept has been around since the 1940s when science fiction posited the idea of a robot-manned power station
Some variants could provide as much as 1GW of energy beamed to receivers on Earth -- enough to power a large city
As a candidate, Obama promised immigration would be a priority in first year
Officials responsible for demolition say church was an illegal structure
Al Qaeda launched wave of attacks in Saudi Arabia in 2003
Bissonnette was a chief petty officer when he left the Navy
In the town of Lyons, flood waters pushed entire houses around like furniture
The 800-million-pixel panorama shows an edge-on view of the plane of our galaxy
Myanmar is gradually emerging from decades of authoritarian military rule
With just a few key tools, you can update almost every item in your closet creatively
Gov.
No.
His creations were a fixture on the red carpet and in the Oval Office
Dutch officials have commissioned the transport of the wreckage back to the Netherlands
The passenger jet carrying 298 people was shot down in July over eastern Ukraine
U.S.
Paul J.
CNN was targeted Thursday by attempts to interrupt its news Web site
Web site began to notice problems around midday Thursday
Obama extended certain federal benefits to domestic partners of federal employees
World No.
Riots occurring from Haiti to Bangladesh to Egypt over surging food prices
What do you know about the significant people, places and events that helped shape America?
Deficiencies in folic acid have been linked to both neural-tube defects and cleft lip and palate
Hertha Berlin captain Levan Kobiashvili handed record ban for hitting referee
Five people were reported killed in fighting, Iranian state-run Press TV said late Sunday
Zanzibar has virtually eliminated the disease over the past five years
Zambia expanded the use of insecticides, bednets, and appropriate treatment
A dolphin who died in the southern Chinese city of Sanya has sparked nationwide anger
This discrepancy exists because certain "power users" dominate one kind of action
Power users make up between 20% to 30% of the Facebook population
Fox is going to re-air the pilot to "Married ... with Children"
The episode will be followed by an encore of "The Simpsons'" 500th episode
A simple majority was enough to be elected the prime minister
For $10, visitors can take a turn at snake skinning
Hello Kitty is responsible for more than half of Sanrio's billion dollar turnover
"This is $500 to get a man or a woman or a child off the damp concrete," he says
A Fullerton police officer pleads not guilty to involuntary manslaughter
Admittedly, Facebook friending does seem to be out of control
"The last thing I saw was her mouth wide open before everything went black"
It's uncertain if the account will be shut down after the online event
Fans can submit questions by tweeting @MadonnaMDNAday and using #askmadonna
Kimmel: "I'm going to be one of those old dads!"
NEW: Israel announced on Monday it was opening up border crossings
69.97% -- Percentage of registered voters in Ohio who voted in the 2008 election
Congo has taken some measures to try to curb the sexual violence
Americans spend about 160 million hours per month instant messaging
Dr.
Rev.
Arsenal beat Liverpool in English FA Cup fifth round tie
Goals from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Lukas Podolski
The popular songs tell of shootings, police chases and armored cars
The bodies of two of the nine crew members on board were recovered
Piper Comanche 260 carrying a married couple landed on U.S.
Dr.
Gov.
Doctors Without Borders embark on vaccination campaign to combat outbreak
"I'm a patriotic American, and if that's a crime in England, God help us all," he says
Police have obtained two video clips of the suspect escaping the scene
"Peter Pan Live!"
The United States has voiced support for Japan's efforts to resolve the issue
Sen.
Lt.
A new report lists the cities that have the worst air quality in the U.S.
New York state agreed to limit solitary confinement for some prisoners
The grainy pictures appear to be taken with a long camera lens
The Malaysian government has not said when or if plane was reprogrammed
Finkbeiner says there are 100,000 children participating in 91 countries
Colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees
U.S.
Mark Twain Prize is awarded to performers who use comedy to influence society
Past recipients include George Carlin, Billy Crystal, Steve Martin and Whoopi Goldberg
Antara News Agency said two people were killed when convoy was attacked
AEG Live's Marvin Putnam asked jurors to find Michael Jackson responsible for his death
They are accused of murdering, butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act
The embassy in Tehran is now an Islamic cultural center
U.S.
The bacteria can cause deadly diarrhea, according to the CDC, with infections on the rise
The film stars Bruce Willis, Francis McDormand, Tilda Swinton, Ed Norton
The contest is a search for contestants for an OWN reality series
Cristiano Ronaldo has urged his Real Madrid teammates to carry their recent impressive form into the New Year
Gen.
A dead 14-foot-long oarfish washes ashore in Oceanside, California, on Friday
Algorithms determine how much insulin and Glucagon the patient needs
Mrs.
She's slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of President Reagan Wednesday
The floodwaters cover an area the size of France and Germany combined
Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami alert
J.R.
Keegan Bradley wins PGA Grand Slam of Golf in Bermuda
Instead of improving, the problem of foodborne outbreaks is getting worse, report says
Brent, 24, in his third season with the team, was booked into the Irving City Jail
Bone Thugs will perform their 1995 album "E.
Presale will start this Friday, May 18, at 10 a.m.
F.
Recent United Nations inquiry highlighted "unspeakable" and "widespread" atrocities in camps
Jorge Lorenzo claims victory in Sunday's Italian MotoGP at Mugello
Venus Williams' latest tennis outfit has caused controversy since she wore it for her first round match at the French Open
FIFA will investigate Bahrain's World Cup qualifying win over Indonesia
Bahrain had scored just three goals in five previous Group E matches
H.
A Pakistani court found a 45-year-old woman guilty of defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed
American photographer John Stanmeyer wins the World Press Photo of the Year 2013
U.S.
An additional one is discovered burned inside the apartment building next door
"All this for us?"
20 percent of people with health insurance can't afford needed therapy
Gov.
Showdog.com allows you to enter a virtual simulation dog show league
Web-based E-wrestling federations allow you to draft a stable of grapplers
Krystal Square Off offers fantasy eating leagues for four to seven teams
Sri Lankan government says Tamil chief Velupillai Prabhakaran is dead
Bulgaria is gaining a reputation as a top destination for skiers
Doug Lansky's new "Travel: The Guide" punctures travel pretensions and myths
The app will launch for iPhone and Android in August
The technology is part of the relaunch of "mi adidas"
Marks: We expect them to set the standard for discipline and leadership
Lt.
"Monsters vs.
Abdoulaye Wade, 85, came to power in 2000 after multiple unsuccessful runs
Past elections have included smooth transition of power, a rarity in Africa
U.S.
Dubbed the phone hacking trial, it has ensnared big names
Create a trusted environment with your customers and make them feel valued
Assange has been holed up in Ecuadorian Embassy in London for more than two years
The U.S., European Union and Japan have filed a trade case over China's export restrictions on rare earth minerals
Rare earths are minerals with magnetic and conductive properties that are used in most of today's electronic devices
China's dominance in the industry has led to suggestions it can be used as part of a trade war with the U.S. and Europe
Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton among dignitaries expected to pay respects
The futuristic tone of the game seemed to polarize fans on the Internet
World No.
Anthony Field, Murray Cook and Greg Page studied early childhood education
U.S.
U.S.
U.S.
Democratic Sen.
Epilepsy is a condition in which the normal activity of the brain malfunctions
Connecticut Gov.
Some Subways will still make the popular pizza sub from the 1990s
They produced more than 280,000 gigawatt-hours of electricity in 2010
Most Japanese plants -- including the three facing emergencies -- use boiling-water reactors
At least 543 people are now known to have died when Typhoon Morakot hit Taiwan
At least 117 people are still missing, and at least 46 people were injured
C.F.
Four boys ages 9 to 14 have been charged with sexually assaulting girl
Girl placed in the custody of Phoenix child protective services
Charles de Gaulle is the second busiest airport in Europe
"Everybody alright in the cheap seats?"
Dr.
Gilberto Valle has already served 21 months in jail and faced life in prison
"I still want this baby ... because this baby has saved my life," she said
Rancic recently filmed interviews to bust breast-cancer myths
Circulation of the virus in Vietnam threatens Thailand, Malaysia, Cambodia
"I haven't cried like this in a very long time," a U.S.
Martha-Ann Alito, wife of Justice Samuel Alito, helped spearhead the project
He could be sworn in Thursday afternoon to replace late Sen.
Rev.
Ibrahim Tatlises was shot early Monday
The Rev.
"We know who killed him.
U.S.
Slate's Emily Bazelon alleged that some crucial parts of "Bully" are "utterly one-sided"
The Online Network is supposed to feature entertainment and lifestyle shows
"The Hunger Games" grossed a staggering $19.7 million from midnight showings
"The Hunger Games" should take in at least $50 million on Friday
Take this quiz to test your knowledge of some summer headlines
An object was sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground
Pentagon may bring back up to 400,000 furloughed civilian employees
Nigeria is on the frontline in the global fight against counterfeit drugs
Rep.
Lyon's Auguste and Louis Lumiere are credited with creating the first film camera
Bill Clinton and Morgan Freeman made the case for the United States
U.N.
Spc.
The band broke through in 1996 with the quadruple-platinum "Bringing Down the Horse"
Investigation has led to the indictment and prosecution of more than 20 people
It will be on display at Sotheby's starting April 27
In February major Hollywood studios stopped distributing films to Indonesia
Most companies that received faxes had prior contact with North Korea
The predator, nicknamed Raptorex, lived about 60 million years before the T. rex
Jigme Norbu was taking part in a "Walk for Tibet" from St.
The group's self-titled debut came out in August 2008 in Britain
He will tap the country's sovereign funds to build out road and rail networks
Florida Sen.
That annoying pillow tag?
Your hotel pillow is probably younger than the one you have at home
Diet and nutrition seems to play a role in keeping Andorrans alive and healthy
All 123 companies operating in the zone experienced heavy losses
The boy's mother, Tameka Raymond, was married to Usher for two years
In all, 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal
"They're like a household name.
Gov.
Texas Gov.
U.S.
Jordan led the Chicago Bulls to six championships -- two three-peats -- in the 1990s
Air Force Staff Sgt.
Boyles raised $7,500 for the American Diabetes Association's "Step Out: Walk to Stop Diabetes"
Jarred Harrell, 24, faces 29 counts of possessing of child pornography
Nixon also criticizes Police Department's release of a convenience store video
In her book, "uncharted terriTORI," Spelling tackles eating disorder rumors
"The Voice" is only show on major network whose ratings rose for second episode
Big question now is whether "The Voice" will continue its winning streak
The looks of the faces around the room are priceless
French President Francois Hollande visited the scene of the derailment
Corey Haim and Corey Feldman first met because of "The Goonies"
Abu Dhabi stepped in to help troubled fellow emirate Dubai with $10 billion in financing
The FSA said the trading seems to have been a result of "extremely heavy drinking"
Tape was released by As Sahab, al Qaeda's video production wing
Leonard A.
Violence has continued to rage between Russia and western ally Georgia
Federal Flight Deck Officers were to lose certification effective midnight tonight
Season 4 moves the action overseas
Average American today spends more than eight hours a day peering into a screen
A nursing assistant in Spain has been declared free of the virus
Mogadishu the site of violence between Ethiopian troops and Islamist fighters
Gen.
Rory McIlroy, Bubba Watson, Luke Donald, Dustin Johnson, Brandt Snedeker and Keegan Bradley are all "Dufnering"
D.A.
Godolphin has won more than 200 Group One races since 1992
Clashes between the two nations soar in the past week
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012
It has been hit by artillery fire since the family fled
George H.W.
"I come from a coal-mining town in central Illinois where everybody was union."
Everton hit back from going a goal behind to earn a 1-1 draw with Birmingham
"Breaking Dawn" earned $72 million on Friday (the third-best opening day ever)
"Happy Feet Two," fell far short of expectations by dancing to only $22 million
The 3-D action flick "Immortals" dropped a harsh 62 percent for $12.3 million
World Health Organization "deeply frustrated" by outbreak, which came despite vaccination program
Muslims will get a 75% share of income derived from the exploitation of minerals
With Displair, users need not wear special glasses
More than 35 million people worldwide live with dementia
City officials expect tax revenues to drop by about $24 million over the next 16 months
Do you know a hero?
Sen.
Asia is the fastest-growing market for American fast food
Gov.
Google is broken, say some technologists, and people-power is the best fix
Officer Manuel Ramos and Cpl.
La Brana 1's closest modern descendants, in genetic terms, live in northern Europe
At least 2,149 attorneys have been laid off in 2009, according to Lawshucks.com
Messi has scored 10 goals in past four games, including two hat-tricks
A coalition operation against militants leaves at least 50 insurgents dead
The encampment was considered a staging ground for Haqqani and foreign fighters
The Haqqani network is an insurgent group loosely affiliated with the Taliban
In rural Wales, researchers have begun a study into the Internet of Sheep, attaching devices to livestock to gather information
Rep.
Kasem's daughter and her husband filed a conservatorship petition last month
A U.S.
Muslims enraged over an alleged desecration of Quran at a Christian wedding
Gen.
Nothing screams amateurish like a camera whipping from subject to subject
The worst tornado outbreak in U.S. history occurred in April 1974
The stimulus plan is meant to keep Japan's economy from cracking open
U.S.
A wheel of Le Brouere cheese was the secret cargo aboard the SpaceX Dragon
Third-place Bayer Leverkusen's 2-2 draw at Hoffenheim sees them lose ground on Mainz
Give the gift of (your) time and support at the doctor's office
Rather than artery-clogging brunch, spring for a visit with nutritionist
The beats, by young comers like Hit-Boy and Kenoe, are taut and lively
Ross had not heard from Stack since October, when his client "disengaged" services in a letter
Proposed San Jose Accord aims to resolve nearly two months of political turmoil
Former world No.
In 2007, a tiny service nobody had heard of called Twitter used the fest as a launching ground
"The vote will not be held," Justice Minister Alberto Ruiz-Gallardon responds
There have been mass demonstrations in favor of self-determination
At least 150 firefighters are involved in the blaze at Mission Bay neighborhood
The saxophonist's influence can be heard on Springsteen's "Born to Run"
Cessna Caravan 208 was en route from Aurora to El Estor
The Falkland Islands will hold a referendum on its governance
In the late 1970s, Warhol experimented with abstractions, departing from pop culture inspired works
The canvases, each measuring four by six feet are hung edge-to-edge as the artist intended
Leave boy shorts at the store - -they make the derrière and thighs look bigger
U.S.
The new season adds Todd Lasance as an ambitious young Julius Caesar
Singh is accused of belonging to two terrorist organizations
Timmermans says the euro area will gradually move toward more fiscal cohesion
Tyler Clementi, an 18-year-old freshman, plunged to his death into the Hudson River
"We're not traditional, we love football and love the Ducks," Lisa says
Discover how an anniversary is connected to a show of Russia's military might
Debate whether there's a future in charging readers to view news content online
Depart the Earth's surface for a maintenance mission needed in outer space
Sen.
Sen.
NEW: At least seven people are confirmed dead and 51 injured
In 2009, Twitter boasted some 20 million users.
Canadian army reservist Cpl.
BP hopes to have a well in place by August
"Juan of the Dead," Cuba's first zombie movie, a mix of camp gore and wry satire
The company announced that Monday would be its last day of operation
Black took her fight to overcome cancer to a crowd-funding website
Did anyone know?
J.S.
Club for Growth announced it will not hold lawmakers accountable for their vote
Vick will be joined president and CEO of the Humane Society
The suggestion was relayed to the U.S.
"One of the most difficult things is not to change society ... but to change yourself," Mandela said
He was busted after a year-long investigation by the U.S.
Affiliates: Chamberlain posted an apparent suicide note to friends on Facebook
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
The snowboarders were all in their 30s and from Colorado
"If there's money in the pipeline, we want to get it out faster," he says
Myanmar has been badly hit by natural disasters in the past few years.
Various constituencies anxiously wait for the high court to hand down its decision
Some interest groups have differing statements ready for seven or eight scenarios
White House has refused to speculate about what will happen if the law is struck down
Japan is advising against prescribing Tamiflu to youngsters aged 10 to 19
Khalid bin Mohsen Shaari, who weighs 1,345 pounds (610kg) and is unable to move by himself
He will be treated at the King Fahd Medical City, and undergo a series of dietary and physical programs
Borussia Dortmund crush Real Madrid 4-1 in first leg of Champions League semifinal
Dr.
Zimbabwe has been off the mainstream tourism radar for years
Luxury projects include a proposed $70 million Mall of Zimbabwe
Foxconn is one of the world's largest suppliers of components for the electronics industry
With 1.2 million employees in China alone, production takes place at more than 12 factories
Critics say workers are treated like machines for low pay in an oppressive environment
Roberts court shows little sign of moving dramatically away from where it is now
Americans' opinion about the Supreme Court is split down the middle
U.S.
In 2010, only 15 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list were headed by women
Dutch foreign ministry sending experts to Tripoli to help authorities identify victims
50.5 million -- Latinos in the United States (out of 308.7 million people)
67 -- Percentage of Latino voters who voted for Barack Obama in the 2008 election
38.6 -- Percent of eligible voters in New Mexico who are Latino, the most of any state
BAA must sell airports in sequence, beginning with Gatwick then Stansted
Gastroenteritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach and intestines
Katy Perry will headline the next Super Bowl halftime show
"Osama bin Laden is a true Islamic warrior figure who defended Islam," FPI said
Dr.
Parental behaviors and cultural practices may also play a role
The U.S.
Sgt.
Gen.
Iran launched a 10-day drill in the strait in late December
Terrence Davies adapted "The Deep Blue Sea" from the 1952 play of the same name
Weisz, in one of her finest performances, opens herself beautifully to vulnerability and folly
She was last seen wearing a pink dress, pink tights, pink shoes and a purple coat
U.S.
Zahir Shah ruled Afghanistan from 1933 until deposed by his cousin in 1973
The operation specialized in the theft of Toyota and Lexus SUVs and other automobiles
The company, majority-owned by its founder, has grown rapidly in its short life
"Uncontacted tribes" are thought to have had no contact with outsiders
The attack prompted angry protests over the country's treatment of women
"Paranormal Activity 3" implicitly understands that we've been through enough tricks
Katie (Chloe Csengery), will grow up to be the Katie Featherstone in the first film
The outbreak has led to one of the largest food recalls in U.S. history
Croatia beat Euro 2008 co-hosts Austria 1-0 in opening Group B match
Green says $577 is being deducted from her military benefit check each month
"I couldn't be happier that Demi wants to come back this year," Cowell said
Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal was only candidate
Nepal, 56, is a former general secretary of the Communist Party
Pushpa Kamal Dahal, the Maoist chairman, resigned as prime minister May 4
In 2002, a bombing at two night clubs on the island of Bali killed 202 people
Richard D.
The 19th century composer was known for his anti Semitic views
Performances of his music in Israel are considered insensitive to survivors of the Holocaust
Douglas Kennedy is accused of twisting one nurse's arm and kicking another in January
Haydock previously asserted that the "nurses were the only aggressors"
Judge John Donahue is hearing the case involving misdemeanor charges
The dawn of a new year is also a good time for a digital makeover
Rubio says the current Senate gridlock is limiting his ability
Russian President Putin says violent far-right groups are behind coup d'etat in Kiev
"I will go to Israel.
Susan G.
Thousands of passengers were stranded Tuesday morning due to a thick dark cloud of smog
The haze prompted 34 flight cancellations and delayed 98 others
Visibility dropped to less than 200 meters in the airspace surrounding Beijing, state media reported.
Analysts have blamed the thick haze on rapid urbanization and industrialization
Will.i.am visits NASA for rocket launches and works with nonprofits such as FIRST
South Sudan is to become the world's newest country on Saturday
Rep.
North Korea has detained Westerners on religious grounds.
World No.
Video gives glimpse of damage to the California Institution for Men in Chino
Nico Rosberg will start on front row with Webber
Capt.
Arlene Martel's ethnic ambiguity earned her the nickname "The Chameleon"
"Sport has the power to change the world," Mandela said
Dr.
U.S.
Chinoy was on the balcony at the Beijing Hotel near Tiananmen Square
U.S.
McDonald's claimed that the "Mc" in McCurry trampled on its trademark
McCurry owner P.
U.S.
U.S.
T.J.
Thousands return late Tuesday to Madrid's central Puerta del Sol plaza
Demonstrators are protesting Spain's 21% unemployment rate
U.S.
The Rev.
For those seeking more of an adventure, Choquequirao is the ideal trek
Macedonia was the only country to emerge peacefully from the former Yugoslavia
About a quarter of its two million population lives in the capital Skopje on the Vardar River
Vibrio vulnificus is a naturally occurring bacterium that lives in warm saltwater
"We love you Roger, we always will.
Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting a nomination
The Dalai Lama said he supports recent protests in Tibet
Dalai Lama reiterated his support for Nobel Peace Prize winner, Liu Xiaobo
Shirley McGill, 55, was found dead in her cabin on the Carnival Elation on Tuesday
New England Sports Ventures completes $480 million deal to buy Liverpool
Caplan: Shouldn't doctors and nurses learn to work with those who stray from good health?
Adam "DJ AM" Goldstein was found unconscious in his apartment
Standard Chartered agreed to pay $327 million to settle U.S.
Maroon 5 frontman Adam Levine is now a stand-alone star
Lavine's voice is usually processed into a kind of high, disaffected whine
WIC has been running a surplus in 2011, and that money could be used to fill any funding reduction
A spending plan must be approved by March 4 to avoid a government shutdown
New York Giants win Super Bowl XLVI
Giants beat New England Patriots 21-17 in Indianapolis
"Dragon Age II" thrills with new distinctive artwork, descriptive speech mechanic
U.S.
Facebook has begun rolling out full redesign of Facebook Pages
Gives page admins the ability to post and comment on other Facebook Pages
This is the third marriage for both
Gujranwala has been largely free of the militant violence
Three police officers were injured
More than 10 million passengers embarked cruise ships from a U.S.
Obama landed at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland shortly before 9 a.m.
Toth allegedly installed a camera in a bathroom used by students
Officials say 23 other passengers and crew were pulled from the water
U.S.
Geoff Johns and John Romita Jr.
Saudis will increase daily oil production from 9 million barrels to 9.7 million
Beverly Carter vanished last week when she went to show a home
The kits include a podcast and video, a slide cast and a printable guide
Dozens of Japanese factories and stores reopened in China after violent protests
Japanese automakers Nissan, Mitsubishi, Mazda and Suzuki, have reopened in China
Police: No suspects in custody, but investigators questioning several people
U.S. citizens who are traveling internationally should register with the U.S.
Free WiFi is rare
Banking analysts say three out of every five Kenyans is part of a "chama"
Serbia emerged as an independent republic in 2006
Since the dark days of the Yugoslav conflict, Serbia has sought economic equilibrium
After years of isolation during the Yugoslav conflict, Serbia has begun reintegrating into Europe
U2 originally scheduled to perform at last year's Glastonbury festival but didn't
U.S.
Think we've missed one?
Rudd wants China and U.S. to carve out new Asia-Pacific "strategic road-map"
A Tanzanian was killed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
A U.N.
Japan imports 10% of its crude oil from Iran
U.S.
Kourtney, Kim, and KhloÃ©'s first novel, "Dollhouse," hits shelves today
American Academy of Pediatrics has no formal position on BPA
U.S.
Criticism has been leveled at China for its handling of its relief contribution
"This is Obama's Challenger-Oklahoma City moment," historian Douglas Brinkley says
There are more than 30,000 Chinese students in French higher education
Scorching high temperatures are in the forecast over the weekend in the North
Extreme heat indices are expected to reach up to 116 degrees in Minneapolis
Griffin Campbell is charged with six counts of third-degree murder
The Rev.
Microsoft, Google, Yahoo, Facebook and Linked-In sued the government
J.J.
"Is This It" topped the 100 Greatest Albums Of The Decade list compiled by a panel of musicians, producers, writers
Pacquiao the only boxer in history to have won a world title at seven different weights
Mandela played key role in bringing World Cup to South Africa
He is credited with revolutionizing women's hair in the 1960s
20 years since Poland's Solidarity movement defeated the Communist Party
Players get to choose from two factions, Guardians and Defiants
U.S.
Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer through to the quarterfinals of Qatar Open
Landau is the author of "The President's Table: Two Hundred Years of Dining and Diplomacy"
FitWit's program is a six-week after-school boot camp competition
J.J.
U.S.
"Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol," continued its comeback performance with $20.5 million
"Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows" held onto third place with a $14.1 million weekend
The cause of the crash is under investigation, Navy says
Robert F.
"I don't think TVA can move fast enough to possibly satisfy these people," she said
The typhoon made landfall early on Monday morning in northern Vietnam
Leave nature as you found it, the National Park Service says
Sen.
Footage purportedly shows four-year-old girl with autism being manhandled and beaten
The girl apparently collapsed and lost consciousness as other adults looked on
ETA has announced a "definitive cessation of its armed activity"
Many critics said the cartoon played on historically racist images
H.A.
New data from Nielsen shows that slightly more people are buying Android phones
U.S.
Most U.S.
Pacific Adventurer sustained damage when Cyclone Hamish struck
Meth Project has disturbing ads to wake up kids to the dangers of meth
Charles Vacca was shot in the head as he showed the girl how to shoot
Somalia has been plagued by a struggle between government forces and Al-Shabaab
Free Gaza Movement says it wants to raise awareness of the "illegal siege on Gaza"
U.S.
"American Idol" returns Wednesday
J.K.
The story will follow Potter in his early years as an orphan
Exhibit is part of Smithsonian Institution's bicentennial celebration of Lincoln's birth
Slingshot succeeds Poke, a messaging app that Facebook shut down last month
Greek public sector workers began a 48-hour strike Tuesday
He was charged with conspiracy, murder and attempted murder in violation of the law of war
It's been seven years since NASA's last Hubble servicing mission in 2002
"She knows everything she knew before anything happened.
Lily's mother, Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck, died in the crash
Intel has invested in the mobile sector with technology like its 1.66Ghz Intel Atom processor
No tsunami warning was immediately issued
Defense attorney told jurors Roeder believed he had to act.
Murphy pronounced dead at 10:04 a.m.
U.S.
U.S.
U.S.
"The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" is set to hit theaters on November 22, 2013
The world No.
Alongside his journalism, Sussman also worked extensively as field archaeologist
Marine Lance Cpl.
Authorities have been searching for 2nd Lt.
The West African regional block has had 3,300 regional troops on standby
Troops can be based in the capital of Bamako, as a step toward ending conflict
"We want to say to President Barack Obama, stop this madness," Maduro says
This isn't her first foray into pop culture to get us to eat our veggies
"Do you know my name?"
U.S.
Tunisia was widely seen as only success story of Arab Spring
Rev.
Wearable technologies are in the midst of this blending into everyday lives
Air France 447 plunged into the ocean, killing 228 people
One of Sin Hwa Dee's factories dedicated exclusively to Yu Sheng products
In 2005, Sin Hwa Dee moved into their own building, CHNG Kee's Foodlink
A total of 88 international service members, including Americans, have died this month
Chinese listed companies have reported a sharp rise in unpaid bills during the third quarter
An estimate 50% of the shark fin trade comes through Hong Kong
Gyllenhaal brings a bit too much movie-star-as-working-class-mom radiance to her role
U.S.
Research firm IHS projects that ASEAN's GDP will reach $4.7 trillion in 2020
A Spanish nurse's assistant leaves the hospital after beating Ebola
Wood has sat on the 7th Circuit U.S.
She was the oldest member of the Swedish Royal family at the time of her death
The U.S.
The U.S.
Company was taken private in December by German equity company
Three people trapped in the ruins of the Caribbean Supermarket rescued earlier
China has emerged as one of the fastest-growing sources of international buyers for US real estate
China and Hong Kong made up the second-largest group of foreign buyers of homes in the U.S.
GMO foods approved for human consumption in 1995, but FDA never required labels
Genoa prevent city rivals Sampdoria from moving into Serie A's top three
AC Milan will be without injured right-back Massimo Oddo for the rest of this year
Fort Hood is largest U.S. military installation in the world by size
His accomplishments include unprecedented economic growth
It is the first time the Parliament has succeeded in summoning a president to testify
Gov.
U.S.
Russia doesn't trust U.S.
Paris is in a Los Angeles hospital at least until Saturday for evaluation
U.S.
"They have 48 hours to leave the country," Maduro says
Republican Gov.
The decisions are part of an effort to support Haiti's longer-term reconstruction plans
U.S.
"The Michael J.
Divers inspecting helicopter, which was in water 35 meters (about 115 feet) deep
29-year-old Zumba instructor was sentenced to 10 months in jail Friday
The pair got married in his native Scotland in 2001
Cpl.
Michael J.
"We worked hard.
A pro-privacy e-mail service used by NSA leaker Edward Snowden abruptly shut down Thursday
The players claimed they had not received money for playing in a tournament in Morocco
Rep.
Brittanee is believed to have last been seen Saturday evening
Brazil's president Dilma Rousseff has launched a R$133bn ($65.6bn) stimulus package
Aims to spur investment in the country's creaking infrastructure and shore up investor confidence
At least 37 hostages were killed in the four-day ordeal
About 40 percent of the patients who took the antibiotic reported relief from symptoms
You can choose any photo or image from your hard drive or your Picasa Web Albums
The new feature immediately reminds us of Bing, Microsoft's upstart search engine
Milk was one of the first openly gay politicians in the United States
The program out-delivered three of the past four Oscars telecasts
CBS' Grammys coverage earlier this month pulled a slightly bigger audience
Plus, if the Queen isn't in charge, what does she do?
Metropolitan Police say a man in his 60s was arrested on suspicion of sexual offenses
Rep.
British airlines stop people with swine flu boarding flights
Medical screening for virus has been introduced at many airports
The original iPhone launched on AT&T with a handful of Apple-created apps
Apple's second generation iPhone debuted in the summer of 2008
The iPhone 3GS was primarily an incremental improvement over the 3G
One video view shows cars traveling around a traffic circle before a huge blast
Another camera shows charred cars covered in debris from the other blast
Sunday's attacks were the deadliest on Iraqi civilians since August 2007
It's possible GOP and Democratic leaders could work out a deal on a farm bill
U.S.
There are no umpires, and no one really keeps score
Hispanics have been leading the U.S. population in terms of embracing mobile technology
The death threat urges jihadist followers to cut off Letterman's tongue and "shut it forever"
J.J.
Salam is believed to be the Taliban commander for Kunduz province
Oscar is currently on international duty with Brazil at the London Olympics
Her nonprofit turns warriors who have a tradition of killing lions into lion protectors
Alejandrina Gisselle Guzman Salazar was deported Tuesday, her lawyer says
Producers are lobbying for the tea to be given geographical indication status
Michoacan, home state of President Calderon, has become a flashpoint
The former world No.
"Rich Forever" is a mixtape that plays like an album
Themewise, "Rich Forever" is business as usual -- which is to say, all business
Lance Armstrong brought a Scottish town center to a standstill on Tuesday
Louisville police Lt.
President Obama and Adm.
The shooting death of Trayvon Martin raised awareness and outrage about the law
Dr.
Screenshots of the design were posted on Talking Points Memo
Injections are last resort after anti-inflammatory medications and physical therapy
U.S.
In seven Indian states, 100% of the samples failed to meet standards
The Skype app will use the Vita's front and rear cameras for video calling
PS Vita already has voice chat and text chat through its built-in Party application
Sen.
Go for a McDonald's Hamburger at 250 calories, 9 grams of fat
Our top salad pick is Atlanta Bread Company's Salsa Fresca Salmon Salad
Wendy's Grilled Chicken Go Wrap is one of the few that's not as high in sodium
Cities across the U.S. are turning to similar innovative parking technologies
Sen.
Merah "held" a 15-year-old boy in his apartment and forced him to watch al Qaeda beheadings
He'd been detained in Afghanistan in 2010 and repatriated to France
Sen.
Jackson was burned while singing for a Pepsi-Cola commercial in 1984
Tuesday's attempt thwarted when an electrical charge broke important cable
Tesco will allow consumers to buy and read books on an array of devices
The U.N.
He is best known for war crimes charges against Libya's Moammar Gadhafi
Allegations of corruption rocked FIFA's governing body last year.
The story comes at a particularly delicate time for the ruling Communist Party
About 51,000 students attend the flagship university, which is located in central Texas
"Crazy Salad" and "Scribble, Scribble" have been out-of-print as solo volumes
Gov.
State law gives Inslee the authority to stop death warrants from being issued
U.S.
"The Security Council condemns the widespread violations of human rights"
Countries expected to end negotiations Friday on an ambitious new climate deal
Rev.
"The university hired their own executioner when they hired Louie Freeh," legal analyst says
Jennifer Capriati elected to Tennis Hall of Fame
Berry: The deaths of our loved ones may have been random, but their lives were not.
Guzman has been included in Forbes' World's Most Powerful People list
Dr.
Here are five things the movie gets right, and wrong
Otegi, others arrested for trying to regroup leadership of Basque left movement
Democratic Sens.
Five babies in El Paso, Texas, have tested positive for tuberculosis
Infants exposed after nurse came to work with active TB
Mainland Florida's most remote spot is 17 miles from the nearest road
Man-made global warming in the 21st century pushing temperatures back up in that direction
Internet game involves being photographed lying down in unusual places
The T-34 is a single-engine, single-prop plane used for primary training for student pilots
Texas has been scarred by one of the worst fire seasons in memory
U.S.
From 2005 to 2010, cell phone use tripled in the developing world to 4 billion subscriptions
Gov.
A recent poll found that 52% of New Jersey voters are in favor of legalizing same-sex marriage
City has been wracked with violence and a general strike
Syria has denied that a military campaign was under way against Hama
The U.S.
T.J.
The St.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Dr.
Her movie acting career began when she was just 6
Board "concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr.
The type of flu going around is called Influenza A (H3N2)
The flu kills about 36,000 people a year in the United States, according to the CDC
Jackson looks likely to achieve a career global tally of $10 billion
Since 2005, almost 2,000 garment workers have been killed in accidents
Saudi authorities shut down network's offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after interview aired
The Netherlands apologizes to Russia for arresting one of its diplomats in The Hague
The president has had at least a small majority behind him in recent conflicts
Iraqi officials have warned of attacks during the pilgrimage
He came up with the voice because of his brother Larry, an officer in the Marine Corps.
Gloria Taylor, 57, collapsed while walking with her husband Richard Tuesday
Human Rights Watch releases letter signed by more than 100 organizations
"The Office" fell to a series low while facing a repeat of "The Big Bang Theory"
Florida Gov.
U.N.
Admirers say Yao has done more for China's image overseas than any politician or diplomat
U.S.
PCWorld researchers visited 3,300 gates, testing outlets, ports and charging stations
New Jersey Gov.
He later suffered a stroke, which doctors said was a complication of the heart failure
The official was the subject of a complaint from Chelsea back in October
U.S.
The state was the last to emancipate slaves, in 1846
The eastern part of Congo has been embroiled in violence since 1994
The U.N.
66 passengers and 17 crew members came down with a digestive bug
Princess Cruises believes norovirus is at the root of the outbreak
It is believed to have infected passengers on a number of cruise ships in recent months
Health officials track it on cruise ships, leading to more frequent reporting
The Ladies in White demand the release of political prisoners
Disney-Pixar's "Brave" dropped in its second weekend to a still-strong $34 million
U.S.
U.S.
Rich Froning secured his fourth consecutive title as Fittest Man on Earth
U.N.
Edison police Capt.
"So when the cops come to arrest me for shooting off the porch, I can tell 'em Joe said it's ok," wrote one online user
The Obama administration has been pressing for gun reforms since the massacre in Newtown
The doctor is in stable condition
U.S. does not believe North Korea intends to launch long-range missile soon
U.S.
Starbucks refuses to ban loaded guns from its shops in 43 states that allow open carry
For $89, he will ship 6 pounds of snow in an insulated Styrofoam box
Sen.
Almost 60% of Europeans believe cash is the dirtiest item they touch
Scaife was heir to the banking, oil and aluminum fortunes of the Mellon family
International court concluded Medellin was denied access to his consulate
Artists are eligible 25 years after their first recording is released
T.
Hardly anyone has been rumored dead as often as al-Shihri
He was released in 2008 to his native Saudi Arabia
In 2009, American troops opened fire at a Baghdad checkpoint, killing Italian secret service agent Nicola Calipari
The trial of Seattle student Amanda Knox, accused of killing her British roommate Meredith Kercher is also controversial
Hinojosa left behind her acting career after a brief appearance in "Clueless"
Feller was diagnosed with leukemia in August
Has helped make Best Western the largest international hotel brand in Asia
George P.
William J.
The law prevents NASA funds from being used to collaborate with China
Researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many years
Gov.
Dr.
The United States considers Iran a state sponsor of terrorism
At the Alamo, instead of ads, we create customized video "preshow" content
Relations between Iran and Arab states have always been tense
Some Arab states look to Iran as a regional superpower that can support them
Ahmed Al-Shamlani Al-Anzi was sentenced to death and then "crucifixion"
Operators shut down the No.
The girls' abduction occurred in an area where the government doesn't have a firm grip
Khan moved to the U.S. at the age of 16 and turned himself into one of the world's richest men
NEW: Jurors listened to a video deposition from Evans recorded three weeks before her death
Marie Evans died at age 54 after suffering from small cell lung cancer
Dr.
Mo recently won China's prestigious Mao Dun literary award
26 bodies have been recovered, and rescuers expect to find more as waters recede
Coca-Cola -- the world's ubiquitous brown fizzy drink -- is staying afloat as the soda market shrinks
Many point to a marketing strategy around the so-called "secret recipe" as key to its resilience
Trumka urged Democrats to take sides on labor ahead of the 2016 presidential election
Music journalist Paul Stokes says best revivals were of artists who did not try too hard
An earlier report found mismanagement at the mortuary
Ministry of Justice maintains that judicial system is "fair and just"
Sifton: How could citizens mourn the passing of such a gross abuser of human rights?
The quake's epicenter was about 17 miles from Ometepec, Guerrero
Other "Believe" guests include Drake, Kanye West, Timbaland
Rep.
Lt.
Agency has been working on the Ebola vaccine over the last few years
Real Madrid keep pressure on rivals Barcelona with 1-0 win over Sevilla
On Monday, security forces in Ankara used pepper spray and water cannons
On October 26, New York City subway stations will be adorned with the ads
U.N.
Swede and Morgan Hoffman subjected to time constraints from 15th hole
Abortion was legalized in all 50 states in 1973 by the U.S.
In past 19 days, an estimated 63,000 people have been displaced from homes by fighting
Gov.
H5N1 has led to 248 deaths worldwide since 2003, including 21 in China
The nationalities of the service members were not immediately available
Zoe Saldana said goodbye to the avant-garde, instead favoring clean lines and refined tones
Faux-fur vests like Kim Kardashian's are animal- and closet-friendly
Rene Lacoste, Henri Cochet, Jean Borotra and "Toto" Brugnon dominated world tennis
"G-Paws" doesn't give live data -- so no real-time stalking
Like ISIS, al-Nusra Front is trying to establish an Islamic state, though primarily in Syria
Hundreds of people might have been exposed to hepatitis A on Christmas Day
U.S.
"Alan Wake" is a strange single-player adventure about a bestselling author
"From this perspective, there are no bad guys, just two people," they say
Unwind with a glass of Efes Pilsen on the rooftop terrace of Seven Hills Hotel
Maracana stadium will host the World Cup final on July 13
Puerto Rico announced last month thousands of government layoffs
The Michigan High School Athletic Association OKs a waiver provision
Twilight moved back up to the No.
Australia declined 53 percent to bank $7 million at the No.
Rep.
The U.S.
Writer: I know the regime killed him because the pattern of events is so typical
Visible Measures curates a list called the "100 Million Club"
President Woodrow Wilson didn't learn to read until age 12
British Airways employs just more than 40,000 people in the United Kingdom
Last month, the company posted a record annual loss $656 million
Sen.
The blast damaged refinery infrastructure and ripped through nearby homes
On Sunday, President Hugo Chavez arrived at the refinery to survey the damage
Census-takers fan out across Sudan this week in a landmark headcount
U.S.
Former world No.
Datu Unsay Mayor Andal Ampatuan Jr.
Nov.
This is a 33% rise in journalist deaths since just last year
"We think the judge could not be more wrong," Mayor Michael Bloomberg says
Borussia Moenchengladbach beat Nuremberg 2-1 to move up to 11th in Bundesliga
Al Qaeda also took responsibility for a January 2 bombing that killed four
Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner says office has received death threats
Food and Drug Administration has discussed making naloxone for over-the-counter use
Sen.
World No.
Afghanistan National Institute of Music has been running for the past two and a half years
Sen.
Last night was up more than 50 percent from season two
Somalia in chaos since 1991, when warlords deposed dictator Mohamed Siad Barre
The series is part study in South African architecture, part commentary on life in the country
What Williams does is create a fully realized portrait of Monroe
"My Week With Marilyn" doesn't purport to reveal any deep, dark secrets
CTE has been found in the brains of 14 of 15 former NFL players thus far
Duerson suffered a minimum of 10 known concussions during the course of his career
Paris Saint Germain confirm the signings of Jeremy Menez and Blaise Matuidi
He was the founder of the James Weldon Johnson Institute
Ebola has killed 961 people from the start of the outbreak this year
At least 140 Afghan girls and female teachers were admitted to a local hospital
In 2010, more than 100 schoolgirls and teachers were sickened in similar poisonings
U.S.
"Eyewitness to Murder: The King Assassination" airs Sunday, April 3 at 7 p.m.
Examine the lives of Dr.
Evaluate the effect King's death had on the civil rights movement
Sen.
U.S.
Dr.
Rwanda is now considered one of Africa's most stable nations
Communication and recruitment challenges are some of the biggest obstacles
Students from sub-Saharan Africa are the most mobile in the world, according to UNESCO
The American bulldog was given to Shields as a puppy
Elizabeth Johnson also was originally charged with kidnapping, but jury couldn't reach verdict
The first woman in Olympic history to win gold 20 years apart
Fischer won 27 world championship titles between 1979 and 1999
Women have comprised 11 percent of military force in Iraq and Afghanistan
Aid expected to include equipment such as body armor, night vision goggles
Men's U.S.
Critics describe the luring of top players to China as vanity projects
"The most important thing is that I come here to help Chinese football," Drogba said
TEPCO estimates about 900,000 terabecquerels of radioactive materials were released
Palin campaigned for a sales tax increase to finance the $14.7 million project
The complex is getting a lot of use, but it is not breaking even
The official new title of the show is "Don't Trust The B----- in Apartment 23"
Pope Benedict XVI refuses to soften the Vatican's ban on condom use
Sub-Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region
Glenn Mack Jr.
Borussia Dortmund are back on top of the German Bundesliga table
Six people were killed and 22 people injured in the attack on the kosher restaurant
U.S.
To use Cydia or the apps available through it, customers must jailbreak their phones
Paraguay international Salvador Cabanas is in a critical condition after being shot in the head in Mexico City
The 29-year-old Club America striker was taken to a hospital intensive care unit following the incident on Sunday
He has scored more than 100 times in the Mexican top-flight and has netted 18 goals in 24 matches this season
Antonio Valencia has signed a new four-year deal with Manchester United
Churches in Sabah and Sarawak have vowed to continue to use the word "Allah"
J.R.R.
U.S.
One of their biggest hits was "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy"
The Andrews Sisters earned 19 gold records and sold about 100 million singles
American teenager wins record-equaling fifth gold at swimming world championships
Two Norwegian citizens sentenced to death in the Democratic Republic of Congo
U.S.
The working-man paean ''We Take Care of Our Own'' recalls ''Born in the U.S.A.''
Republicans hope the gender play backfires and that voters are fatigued by identity politics
The emphasis on women as a possible campaign theme is a reversal of her 2008 strategy
Rep.
Her body was found with her head in a toilet
Report comes less than a week after seven CIA officers killed by double agent
Texas Sen.
Do you know a hero?
Afghan journalist killed in raid, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown says
Rudd would not comment on cause of explosion, citing the ongoing investigation
Bronco Stadium's bright blue playing field was the first non-green field in college football
Recep Tayyip Erdogan sworn in as new president of Turkey
Sgt.
Castro has promised to improve efficiency by cutting some red tape
U.S.
U.S.
Gilbert's disappearance triggered an investigation that led police to discover eight bodies
A top U.S.
Torrential rain in Myanmar has forced thousands to flee their homes
Foley was a Democrat who represented Washington state in the House for 30 years
After his tenure on Capitol Hill, he was appointed U.S. ambassador to Japan
Rehman served as information minister
Media reports have speculated Haqqani played a key role
Some children tested positive for enterovirus 68, a rare virus linked to respiratory illness
"He really handled it head on, but it was funny too," audience member says
The arrests were made primarily in San Diego County
The suspects are part of 20 street gangs that were overseen by the Mexican Mafia
Body of Jasmine Fiore, 28, found Saturday stuffed into a suitcase inside a Dumpster
New Zealander finds confidential U.S. military files on a used MP3 player
U.S.
Hopper is dying of prostate cancer, say documents in divorce case
The age rating for new mobile video-sharing app Vine has been raised to 17+
Since its launch two weeks ago, the Twitter-owned Vine app had been rated 12+
Posters call for a ban on the construction of minarets on mosques
Posters are part of a campaign by the nationalist Swiss People's Party
Afghan journalist Farida Nekzad says she's been threatened by extremist groups
Spc.
Facebook accidentally went live with a handful of prototype features
Knife crime in Britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killings
China has 649 million users, outnumbering the entire U.S. population two to one
Sanford is accused of using tax money for personal travel
Britons eat fish and chips twice as much as any other takeaway dish.
Sen.
The Web-based game is expected to launch sometime next year
His research found head injuries increase risk of memory loss, depression
U.N.
Sen.
Lee is a former CEO of an engineering and construction company
Forecasters predict sunny skies
As many as 4 million Americans have Sjögren's syndrome
Ninety percent of the people with the syndrome are women
James E.
Analysts estimate the energy harvesting industry could be worth as much $30 billion by 2018
"Together again...
Iran is firmly warning against reformists taking to the streets to protest the government
she was one of the very few native aborigines to achieve success
Top seed Svetlana Kuznetsova exits BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells
Maj.
Some strains cause blindness, while others come with more severe skin disease
Bohjalian has put his own 21st-century spin on the supernatural genre
The U.S.
John Edwards admitted Friday that he had an affair in 2006
Qing Hua will become the first Chinese driver in official F1 competition
One survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape
"Burt Wonderstone" seems to be reaching for the tone of early Farrelly brothers movies
U.S.
U.S.
The second episode of AMC's "Turn" had 1.9 million viewers
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta extending some benefits
"I play because I love the game.
When Secretariat is running his races, the movie has a hokey, old-fashioned appeal
China ranks 20th globally in terms of recorded music revenue
Life magazine launched the career of an up-and-coming starlet with a photo spread
Cynthia was a mannequin
In the most recent attack, two men were killed Thursday in Sadr City area of Baghdad
Ireland has called for the EU to impose sanctions against Iceland for over-fishing
Dr.
Dr.
Rep.
U.S.
December marks the 60th anniversary of the U.N.'s Genocide Convention
Samantha Koenig was last seen on February 1
The crime struck at one of the hallmarks of the Anchorage community
No official proposal to create such a program has been announced publicly
In New York, merchandise retailers are doing brisk business selling Jeremy Lin's No.
Abe expected to push back harder against China than his predecessors
Millions of families were separated by the Korean War, which ended in 1953
World No.
He presided over Singapore's bitter split from Malaysia in 1965
Blackwater became target of Iraqi outrage after 2007 shooting left 17 civilians dead
Sept.
Wen Jiabao acknowledged the downturn that has gathered pace in China
China would meet its target of expanding the economy by 7.5 per cent this year
The agency surveyed more than 400,000 people to get its results
Hanks was grooving to "This Is How We Do It"
Moore, 48, has been in New York City to promote "Five"
Dr.
Brazil and Africa have long historical ties, dating back to the days of slave trade
U.S.
Fair foods can be enjoyed in moderation, says Dr.
The women, believed to be Finnish, worked for the International Assistance Mission
In 1978, Alcala was a winning bachelor on the television show "The Dating Game"
Mostly found in old urban areas in Kowloon -- Sham Shui Po, Kwun Tung and Tai Kok Tsui
Sen.
U.S.
One H.E.A.R.T.
"Unlike some people, Belvedere always goes down smoothly," the ad's caption says
Manufacturers and pharmacies are reporting a surge in demand for face masks
U.S.
There has been no trace of her despite many searches
Sacco's family had been worried there would be no serious investigation
Republican Sen.
Central government jobs are often described as a "golden rice bowl" for their stable income and benefits
Jennifer Aniston was told she needed to lose 20 pounds to be on "Friends"
The use of dietary supplements has exploded in the United States in recent decades
"In the scarcity model, we're all competing for the guy who's rich and handsome"
Sen.
The U.S.
The private prosecution is led by a small civil servants union
President John F.
Transocean Ltd.
Colemans: We could end deaths from the preventable diseases that kill millions
Cheaper seats come with more restrictions and can sell out quickly
Critics of the U.N.
Tymoshenko went on a hunger strike after the beating
"Game of Thrones" just began filming its fifth season in Europe
Cisco bought Flip from Pure Digital only two years ago for a cool $590 million
The commission found that police tortured civilians arrested during a crackdown on protests
Officer who sprayed seated protesters no longer works at the university
Undercover officers rescue a baby gorilla from suspected animal traffickers
Turkey is hosting more than 400,000 largely Sunni Syrian refugees at a cost of $ 1.5 billion
Andris Nelsons is the conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra
There is great power in Nelson's gestures, and this energy acts as code for the orchestra
Rep.
Rep.
Action Comics No.
Sens.
The spiritual leader stunned the world Monday with the news that he will resign February 28
Nepal is a popular place for Israeli couples to have surrogate children
Army Staff Sgt.
China's art market has boomed in recent years
The facility, called "site 911," is expected to cost the U.S.
Only U.S.
Google plans to create 20 special channels on its YouTube site
Google has visited top Hollywood talent agencies in search of ideas
As of Friday, one U.S. dollar was trading at around ZW$25 billion
RBZ has allowed most goods and services to be charged in foreign currency
U.S.
U.S.
Sen.
Sen.
Keys received a message from Smith reading: "Hey is your mom's name Jackie?"
As an online news producer, Keys knows the power of social media
Elizabeth Cross for next of kin of armed forces personnel killed on operations
Most prestigious medal, Victoria Cross, introduced by Queen Victoria in 1856
Ebola virus was first detected in 1976 in the central African nation of Zaire
Initial symptoms of Ebola can be mistaken for other illnesses like the flu
Credits ranged from TV series such as "Growing Pains" and "Scarecrow and Mrs.
Three Mexican citizens are being held on suspicion of human trafficking
Michael Woodford, the whistleblowing ex-chief executive of Olympus, will seek up to $60M
The British executive is claiming unfair dismissal and discrimination after he was sacked
The issue has become a political flashpoint in a presidential election year
Lahcen Ikassrien has been indicted, along with 14 other suspected militants
Police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up more
Bilateral trade between S.A. and UAE tops $3 billion a year
Win two of those three states and the Republican wins the White House
The incident occurred Wednesday on a flight from Paris to Beirut
Identifies new generation of Performance and Image Enhancing Drugs (PIEDs)
"Walter George Brulh Jr. is a dead person; he is no more; he is bereft of life; he is deceased"
Rev.
Since the accident, Air France has replaced the pitots on its Airbus fleet with a newer model
Jose Mourinho angered by the decision to sell Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Barcelona
Australia's resource-rich economy expanded at twice the pace expected by economists
2012 might yield some especially good deals on refurbished Apple MacBook Airs
U.S.
This year marked the Black Keys' fifth trip to Coachella
French scientists have unveiled a working prototype of a fully artificial heart
Two magnetic fields control the blades' oscillations, which rotate about 2,000 times a minute
Violence in eastern Congo has displaced an estimated 250,000 people
The least traveled day is expected to be Thanksgiving Day itself
Is American higher education worth the price?
"One click, and suddenly we'd lost a $5 million account," says publicist
Zhou Kehua -- one of the country's most wanted criminals -- killed by police in Chongqing
U.N.
EA keeps NFL's biggest names involved in the tournament, even after they hang up their cleats
91 people wounded in clashes, Palestinian Red Crescent Society says
A startup is creating glasses that let you interact with virtual objects in the real world
Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion
Davis: A dedicated community is working to expand access to basic sanitation services
Protests were also expected at federal courthouses in other cities
iPad 2's camera has more in common with the low-res camera in the iPod Touch
It seems that it will be fine for movies, and bad for photos
Emmanuel Adebayor has praised the impact of Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho
Population declining rapidly because of hunting and diseases like Ebola
Rep.
Last week, the CDC released tips for school administrators to follow
U.S.
68 people are still missing
The goal of the talks is to set up a transitional government to end the violence
Dortmund win the domestic double for the first time in their history
Mao proved to be good at fighting but poor at governing
No.
Steady rain has flooded communities across 10 states since early April
U.S.
U.S.
U.S.
Four U.S.
A newborn Indian baby found abandoned with 26 stab wounds has survived
Four Seasons hotels must meet the approval of an acoustics consultant
U.S.
U.S.
The league's owners began a lockout of players in early July
NEW: President Obama called for "new chapter" of improved governance in Afghanistan
China's car market will almost match the combined size of the U.S. and western European market by 2019
U.S. auto giants Ford and General Motors have reported record sales increases in China for the month of August
Bahrain has introduced the Labour Market Regulatory Authority to register workers
There has been no claim of responsibility for the attack
A ruling by spring could have an immediate impact on the congressional midterm elections
NEW: "I was working on the Elvis tour when he died so I kind of knew what to expect," he wrote
Dr.
News of the case sparked outrage in Spain and deep sympathy for the parents
They attended a "Freedom of the City" ceremony at Quebec City Hall earlier
The strike was organized by the two biggest unions in the country
George W.
U.S.
World No.
No.
They are just ahead of people fleeing wars in Afghanistan and Somalia
The girl was discovered by her 12-year-old brother after she hanged herself
Sen.
Parties need to remember that they are not the purpose of our politics
Raul Ochoa of Richmond, California, would spend 22 years in prison under plea deal
ICC prosecutes individuals accused of crimes against humanity, war crimes, genocide
Authorities do not yet know where the meat came from
The banking association says 97% of homeowners are paying their mortgages on time
The area rich in oil deposits is rife with territorial disputes
The visit comes as Haiti is fighting a massive cholera outbreak
As many as 20,000 households are not expected to back online by the weekend
This year Nokia debuted a bike charger kit that works with Nokia phones
Remember that any nonstandard product combination is likely to yield some bad experiences
Marek Edelman was one of the leaders of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising
Edelman is thought to have been the last surviving commander of the uprising
U.S.
U.S.
Four Palestinian militants were killed Tuesday evening
The U.S.
Golf balls found 300 yards from beach and 100 yards from the shore
The U.S.
Bieber attorneys met with prosecutors Tuesday to argue egging was "a silly prank"
Piquet Jr.
Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh said Powell should leave GOP
Former Vice President Dick Cheney said he thought he already had
James V.
Sen.
70 people in 30 states infected with a strain of E. coli.
Was there hazing, bullying, extortion?
There are no trials in the Mac App Store, and submissions are subject to strict rules
Transocean will have two years to pay the $1 billion fine
"I never imagined in a million years that I would be in such a situation"
Recently, pictures emerged of the prince partying naked in a Las Vegas hotel
As of 2011, 27 countries had higher life expectancies than the United States
U.S.
Robert Downey Jr.
The design team is in talks with fashion house Armani to fit out the interiors
Daintree region, in the north-eastern tip of Australia, is popular with eco-tourists
CNN has been investigating and reporting on veterans' deaths and delays at VA facilities
Gen.
Qadri has been hailed as a hero in some quarters
"I was not equipped with a lot of the tools that a person would need to be a partner"
15% of people living in London share their homes with people they are not related to
A state funeral will be held December 15
"L.A.
Sen.
Sen.
The posts were deleted within minutes and the accounts have been secured
Lewis Hamilton has predicted the 2011 British Grand Prix could be the best-ever
McCain could position himself as a powerful ally of the Obama administration
The conversation is the latest bid to address strained relations between the two nations
Brig.
Maren Sanchez, 16, died Friday after being slashed in a school stairwell
On "Mylo Xyloto," the choruses are bigger, the optimism more optimistic
"Mylo Xyloto" was inspired by 1970s New York graffiti
About $24,000 was found at Konias' grandmother's grave site
H.W.
Obama offered fierce defense of U.N.
President opened door to compromise regarding the impending fiscal cliff
The snow began to fall Monday on northern and central Chinese provinces
The Dnieper slices Ukraine into two parts: east and west
Her Ukraine photos won a grant from the U.S.-based Aftermath Project
Spain name injured stars Andreas Iniesta, Fernando Torres and Cesc Fabregas
Proceeds of the lottery help Standing Together Against Rape in Anchorage
U.S.
Most of the passengers were pilgrims headed to Mexico City
What do you think?
Thirty to 40 militants were killed, but only 21 bodies recovered, military says
Fuego Volcan is one of Central America's most active volcanoes
"Anvil!
U.S.
Border patrol officials have argued that more security is necessary to stop smugglers
Pfc.
Harmoush was the self-styled leader of a rebellion of mutinous soldiers against the Syrian government
Super Typhoon Megi, also known as Juan, is expected to make landfall Monday
John J.
Web sites of the House of Representatives are overwhelmed with e-mails
Democratic Sen.
U.S.
"The whole thing was too absurd for words," Eggers says
Over the course of nearly two and a half hours, they played an astonishing 42 songs
People who regularly use tanning beds may double or even triple risk of melanoma
Prosecutors allege Berlusconi paid for sex repeatedly with an underage prostitute
Berlusconi resigned earlier this month
The Nobel Prize for economic sciences has been awarded every year since 1969
His first trip outside the United States was to Canada last month
Nearly $5 billion worth of iPads have been sold in the three quarters since its launch
India is home to more poor people than the entire sub-Saharan Africa region
California judge rules to allow cameras in a federal courtroom
Jada Pinkett Smith's new TV show, "HawthoRNe," premieres Tuesday on TNT
Now the company can react to market demand much faster and the CEO can keep an eye on the quality
"Everybody can be great because everybody can serve," Dr.
He plans to attend an Ohio medical school that requires him to have a green card
Psy edged out the teenage pop star for the distinction of most-watched YouTube video
AMC canceled "Low Winter Sun" after a single season
The show premiered in August
AMC has at least five dramas on tap for 2014
Brooks, Coulson and five others are on trial facing phone hacking charges
Relations between Iran and Arab states have always been tense
Some Arab states look to Iran as a regional superpower that can support them
Dutch cameraman was killed and a correspondent wounded
Dr.
Prisoners do engage in homosexual practices, but that doesn't mean they've gone from straight to gay, experts say
In all countries studied, the majority of young mobile users own feature phones
Dr.
Sgt.
Sunni areas in west would not be economically viable unless they received oil revenues from other regions
Former Spice Girl Melanie Brown has turned down "Playboy" five times
Nelly Furtado once turned down a reported $500,000 to pose fully clothed in "Playboy"
Sen.
Sen.
Apple limits use of digital music to Apple gadgets used by the iTunes account holder
Prince William is marrying Kate Middleton at Westminster Abbey
Pennsylvania State Police Cpl.
Gov.
"Cruel Summer" is similar to West's 2010 short film "Runaway" in that it's an extended music video
The United Nations declared July 18 as Mandela Day four years ago
It started as call to promote global peace and encourage community service
Miller was convicted of committing "acts hostile" to North Korea
Pope will soon hit the studio to record her debut solo album
Blackburn striker D.J.
Warm, dry climates have the highest pollen levels, according to Pollen.com
For the first time a political campaign is targeting voters by ZIP code on YouTube
U.S.
Pakistan-born Usman Khawaja the first Muslim to be selected in an Australian Test squad
CGAP is an advocacy group that works to advance the lives of the poor
Colombia remains the principal source of cocaine for the world
Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of advocating for Tibetan independence
Pyongyang government has invited a large number of foreign journalists
U.S.
The world No.
PB Capital will most likely sell the hotel privately after it takes over the title
U.S.
The 91-year-old Ukraine native was sentenced to five years in prison
MyYeshiva aims to help kids who are "stuck in the middle" but haven't given up
When should stores start on the Christmas season?
For one Canadian drugstore chain, the first week in November is too soon
Oxford's buzzworthy choice of "selfie" was a result of growing digital fame
Scouts renewed their promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society
U.S.
U.S.
System dates back to the 1950s when communist regime swept up "counter-revolutionaries"
Strong winds and rain from the powerful storm have left thousands without power.
"Can't we leave those guns to the trained military?"
"The French dropped by, but couldn't get near.
"Ain't no anger in my heart.
U.S.
One day earlier, Lugo addressed and dismissed reports of a possible coup
The updated Kindle Fire will sell for $159 and ship on September 14
Congress passed the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 in December
No.
"Gunshots/artillery fired over the past few hours in several locations," U.S.
Drone strikes have drawn heated opposition in Pakistan because of civilian casualties
France's role in deportation of its Jews taboo for decades after war
The march has been peaceful so far, with thousands of police deployed along the route
India's financial capital of Mumbai put on a high-tide alert
Every two minutes, someone in the United States is sexually assaulted
Inflation is sending shoppers across the border, to Hong Kong
Gov.
Marine Gen.
Chelsea remain top of the English Premier League, despite suffering a 2-1 defeat at Everton
The mother of four is still basking in the joy of being a newlywed
The film raises questions about killer whales in captivity
J.J.
Some say president risks diluting his message by being visible so frequently
Irish low-cost airline Ryanair posts €169 million ($240 million) loss in last year
Ryanair's boss Michael O'Leary said he hoped to see recovery this year
U.S.
Britain says it has suspended the government of the Turks and Caicos
Putin's closest electoral competitor is the Communist leader Gennady Zyuganov
Clifton Davis sang "Never Can Say Goodbye," a hit he wrote for The Jackson 5
Hundreds of thousands of sports fans and journalists in South Africa for World Cup
The four are accused of luring Kevin Pennington into a truck
Wladimir Klitschko successfully defended his WBO and IBF heavyweight titles
Sex therapist Dr.
"Puss in Boots" earned Dreamworks' third-worst debut for a computer animated film
The planned increase would lift spending to some 670 billion yuan ($106.4 billion)
The system is used by more than 300 airlines
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for independence
Whether Greece can avoid the wholesale destruction of its banking system is unclear
The U.N. envoy to Ukraine was threatened by armed men in Crimea
A University of Delaware student allegedly hid cameras in restrooms around campus
Police are contacting victims, and the university is offering counseling to anyone affected
Bashir was first detained in August
The police were often feared during Mubarak's time in power
Australian MotoGP star Casey Stoner will leave Ducati at the end of the current season
World champion Valentino Rossi is now expected to leave Yamaha to link-up with Ducati
The complex houses the operations of more than 120 South Korean companies.
Muse faces maximum sentence of almost 34 years when he is sentenced
Muse's actual age has been subject of debate since his arrest last year
Kenyan President expressed his sympathy to those affected
Do you know a hero?
Sen.
Move prevents the parents from permitting Laura to set off on her trip
Republicans were quick to publicly admit they would not make his job easy
PolitiFact evaluated 508 promises and concluded the president has kept 37% of them
U.N.
The fighting was part of a major offensive
Helen Keller lost her sight and hearing to illness when she was 19 months old
U.S.
Israel uses the Iron Dome system only against rockets headed toward populated areas
The crew of the Aqua Quest arrives in Tarpon Springs, Florida, on Wednesday
He recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador
Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian throws away bronze medal in disgust
China still recorded a trade surplus of $14.49 billion in the first quarter
Security forces try to establish control at Camp Ashraf in Iraq's Diyala province
Iran wants camp shut down; Iraqi government has said it would close facility
Dr.
13 - Number of presidential libraries in the United States
3 - Number of presidential libraries located at universities in Texas
More than $500 million - Amount raised for the George W.
No.
"The spectators assumed that their safety had been assessed and addressed"
Ferguson, Missouri, was one of hundreds of municipalities designated a "Playful City USA"
U.S.
Children with darker skin are more likely to be deficient in vitamin D
Caroline Wozniacki hopes to be fit for French Open despite suffering ankle injury
World No.
South African duo Louis Oosthuizen and Branden Grace a shot off the lead
Before his accident, Reyngoudt played football, baseball, soccer and ran track
The company met with North Carolina clergy members who delivered a petition
If coffee shops define a good college town, Berkeley has the competition beat
Russian Soyuz capsules ferry U.S.
Jack Warner and Mohamed bin Hammam provisionally suspended by FIFA
Sen.
CNN "poll of polls" shows Obama leading McCain by 6 percentage points
General rush tickets and ticket lotteries are available to last-minute buyers
Two popular musicals offer onstage seating at a fraction of the standard prices
All but two states are reporting widespread flu activity, according to CDC
A US Airways Express crew reports seeing what looked like a flare with a smoke trail
MIT researchers built their first robotic fish, "Robotuna," in 1994
Spanish fashion retailer Zara sorry for striped T-shirt bearing yellow star
U.S.
A car bomb apparently targeting the interior minister's motorcade explodes in Cairo
The interior minister, Mohammed Ibrahim, is safe, state-run Al-Ahram reports
The euro club has suffered major shockwaves but its newest member has emerged as a shining economic light.
Obama, Biden, Pelosi, Reid and McConnell are among the mourners
U.S.
U.S.
Gibbs says he will remain in Washington as a pundit, supporting White House positions
E.L.
J.K.
Sen.
Brig.
Sen.
Fontaine was a teenager when she began her acting career in 1935
Eleven state legislatures have considered repealing the death penalty this year
NBC ran a "Today" show promo that revealed outcome of 100-meter backstroke race
WSJ: Police have recorded 170 statements and will interview more people
Hard Rock Cafe is expanding into Asia and the Middle East
Beam's lovely voice anchors melodies of crystalline clarity and unshakable catchiness
On "Me and Lazarus," Beam seems to poke fun at his own minor celebrity
Australia is currently a constitutional monarchy
Verizon's LTE network is currently the largest in terms of nationwide coverage
Sprint will begin rolling out its 4G LTE network in mid to late 2012
The sport has played a powerful role in shaping the Brazilian national identity
"The Wolverine" director James Mangold is in talks
"The Wolverine" was a modest blockbuster in the U.S. this summer
Leonardo DiCaprio, a U.N.
The controversial pitch at the new Wembley stadium to be dug up immediately
St.
The recruits had just completed a nine-month training program
It's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice
Japan's new prime minister offered a vision of his country as a reinvigorated Asian power
Kwame Kilpatrick spent 100 days in jail as part of a plea agreement
Kilpatrick pleaded guilty in September to two counts of obstruction of justice
Zooey Deschanel reunites with Portland folkie M.
The self-penned ''Christmas Day,'' with its gingerbread-spicy surf licks, is sweet
More than 24 million passengers expected to fly in U.S. during Thanksgiving holiday
Dr.
O'Neal was arrested on charges of bringing narcotics to a jail facility
It was not clear whether O'Neal posted bail, which was set at $25,000
Results based on national telephone survey of more than 78,000 parents
Americans are not in custody, but ruling could make them international fugitives
Gen.
Congo forces battling Rwandan Hutu rebels who fled to Congo after Rwandan genocide
Mary felt "broken" without Del, who had helped raise her two children
Jackson story was off the Sun's online front page by Monday evening
Capt.
Dangerously cold conditions continue to grip a large part of the Eastern U.S.
Ford's SYNC now includes a 911 Assist enhancement
Germany?
U.S.
Crittenton agreed incident stemmed from angry exchange with teammate Gilbert Arenas
One person unaccounted for
Photos and videos will be slurped up from any memory card or camera
This feature also adds complexity to the Dropbox application itself
Linda Carty, 51, recorded a message this week from prison
The Infiniti Bar is the Caribbean's longest bar at 90 feet
The airport insists the incident was not a security breach
United Nations has estimated 780,000 people will be living with the AIDS virus in China
The festival of screams includes the third installment of "The Walking Dead"
The album will be his first solo record since 2010's "Recovery"
Eminem also confirmed that Slaughterhouse will play Hot 97's Summer Jam
U.N.
The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N.
$41,000!
U.N.
Madoff was arrested for swindling investors in the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history
Emergency crews rescue hundreds of other people who were trapped
World number says 2010 has been a dream so far
Illinois Gov.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge leave start three-week visit to New Zealand and Australia
Unilever recalls four batches of Lipton Milk Tea sold in Hong Kong
U.S.
Kennedy was considered one of the most effective legislators
"It's just how my brain is wired.
Rep.
Iowa Democratic Sen.
Berkin died nine months after he was wounded, apparently by a police tear gas canister
Sen.
He's urging the Supreme Court to uphold constitutionality of health care reform
Invitations were extended to the heads of all eight countries in the SAARC
Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia are at the center of an Ebola outbreak
U.S.
Technology was successfully trialled at last year's Club World Cup in Japan
"Hamilton's Great Adventure THD" is example of a console-quality game gone portable
"Zombie Driver THD" puts players behind the wheel of one of 13 different vehicles
Roma captain Francesco Totti has undergone surgery on his right knee
The checkpoint was part of the NATO supply routes
The city's fashionable heart is the corner of Oxford Street and Glenmore Road
The U.S.
In May, the Obama administration proposed $17 billion in cuts
U.N.
India's weakening economy grew 6.1 per cent in the quarter to the end of December
Republican Sen.
Accomplices hijacked helicopter and forced pilot to land in prison courtyard
U.N.
Fitness trainer David Kirsch started working with Kate Upton in August
The festival, now in its 18th year, also unveiled the rest of its line-up
Chelsea Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison for leaking documents to WikiLeaks
At the time, Manning went by the first name Bradley
Manning has stayed out of the limelight since the conviction
All five are from the Los Angeles area and are being charged with three felonies
ABC Family's "Pretty Little Liars" inched up the creep factor throughout its two seasons
Meredith was the first black student admitted to Ole Miss
U.S.
Spain's economic crisis is in its sixth straight year yet tourism, worth 11% of GDP, is holding its own
Spain's tourism sector has recovered from a 9% drop at the height of the crisis in 2009
Hoppie is not the first California sea lion to swim up the San Joaquin River channel
U.S.
Hammon, a six-time WNBA All-Star, announced July 23 she will retire as a player
Hammon is not the first woman in NBA history on an NBA coaching staff
Mustafa Guyton, 29, is accused of aggravated assault
$1.2 trillion - Total amount of the potential cuts, over 10 years
The continent has an acute shortage of experts such as oncologists
Photographs from scene show Hillmann on his back, when the bull's horn goes into his leg
More than 1,900 U.S. citizens and family members have been evacuated
Do you know a hero?
CNN iReporters documented some of the biggest global weather stories of the year
Days of heavy rain had triggered flash floods and landslides in southern Peru
Saliva spreads molecules to the taste receptors on the tongue
J.J.
China's Communist Party implemented the one-child rule three decades ago
Sex-specific abortions have led to a large male population born since the 1980s
U.S.
Turnout is expected to be high among the country's 3 million registered voters
August was deadliest month for U.S. service members since mission began
Spain striker Fernando Torres may not be fit for start of World Cup
Pennetta defeated Agnieszka Radwanska 6-2, 6-1
KIA is the only one of 10 armed ethnic groups that hasn't agreed a ceasefire
Special Olympics has grown into a global organization that helps 3 million athletes
IE6 usage in the U.S. has fallen to 4.7 percent from 11.5 percent in the last year
For years, IE6 caused headaches for developers
U.S.
One Million Moms railed against J.C.
J.C.
1 Million People Who Support Ellen for J.C.
Hamilton had served the U.S.
65 million people in the U.S. are unpaid family caregivers
Give of your spirit.
Army Sgt.
The Minnesota government is shut down for the second time in six years
NEW: Ingrid Betancourt reunited with her children for the first time in six years
This month, Inside the Middle East journeys to Israel and the Palestinian Territories
Millions of tourists visit Jerusalem each year, but for some, the experience triggers overwhelming emotions
In 1980s, she was youngest ever commissioner of U.S.
According to the U.S. and South Korea, North Korea launched three projectiles
The crisis escalated after President Jose Manuel Zelaya was ousted in a coup
NEW: No independent confirmation of the claim was immediately available.
Gov.
The Act's prohibition of wagers via telecommunications refers to bets on a "sporting event or contest"
George W.
Dr.
Dr.
Mandela born in 1918 in the South African village Qunu
"The school has not eliminated its pregnancy policy at this time," said a school spokesman
July riots prompted by long-simmering resentment between minority Uyghurs and majority Han
Unrest continued in August when Uyghurs were accused of attacking Han with syringes
remberTM is first drug to act on the "tangles" discovered by Alois Alzheimer
If further trials prove successful, the drug could be available by 2012
The alleged thefts took place during the loading and unloading of baggage, police say
Patton, 20, played Will Horton for a year on NBC's "Days of Our Lives"
U.S. health officials track it on cruise ships, leading to more frequent reporting
Workers at Fukushima Daiichi have been struggling to keep the reactors from overheating
On West Coast, a storm was rolling into the area between Seattle and San Francisco
The "person" appears to be wearing an old-style greenish ruff around the neck
Aitchison insists he did not tamper with the image
Capt.
The U.S.
Dr.
Cambodia, Thailand to redeploy some troops away from the site of a border temple
Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and built up their numbers
"Uncharted 3" follows Nathan Drake on another adventure that promises fortune and glory
Debbie Wasserman Schultz will introduce President Obama at the Women's Leadership Forum
U.N.
Charles's first visit to Vatican since he attended funeral of Pope John Paul II
Authorities are trying to determine how the militants gained access
One woman died near Rome when her car was submerged by a wave of water
Founded the National Front for the Liberation of Angola (FNLA) in early 1960s
The world No.
Do you know a hero?
She is survived by her husband, two sons and five grandchildren
Hear how one professor made history by winning the Nobel Economics Prize
Learn why Secretary of State Clinton is talking up the U.S.-U.K.
Find out how South Africa is preparing for its time in the soccer spotlight
The European football transfer window has finally closed after a frantic last day
NEW Ghana's Asamoah Gyan signs for English Premier League side Sunderland for a $20 million club record fee from Rennes
The U.N.
"It's true [that I won't be in the sequel]," said Segel
RootMetrics performed a study to determine how each network's 4G speeds are holding up
Verizon's average upload speeds were faster than every other carrier's average download speeds
The Sundance Film Festival runs January 17-24 in Park City, Utah
Hollywood star Samuel L.
Users can activate HTTPS permanently by going to their settings
Woods' decision means he will not defend the title he won in 2012
Catalonia is the first Spanish mainland region to ban bullfighting
It has wings devoted to religious, military, political and security activities
Others believe that ultimately there is almost always a terrorist "mentor"
Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) received $20 billion of U.S. money between 2005 and 2012
Iraq's military is starting over -- for the second or third time in a decade
A teenage girl and her boyfriend were allegedly offered half a million dollars to keep quiet
Four men charged with bribery, coercion and trying to impede the prosecution
She is expected to give birth at the private Lindo wing of St.
FAA plans to hold a symposium on fatigue management next week
Lamu is one of the oldest continuously inhabited Swahili towns
There are no cars on the island -- the streets are too narrow and winding
Instead, locals rely on donkeys for transport on the land, and dhows to travel throughout the archipelago
Courtney Cash, grandniece of Johnny Cash, was found dead in her home
Young students are the future of the Chinese Communist Party
U.N.
Recent military operation has resulted in more than 180 militant casualties
Dr.
Korean Air executive who delayed a flight over a bag of macadamia nuts may face legal action
South Korea's transportation ministry said on Tuesday it had filed a complaint to prosecutors.
Twenty-seven minors, including one boy, were among the victims, the U.N. says
The children were among 240 people raped by rebels who raided villages
Thunder forward Kevin Durant.
NBA fans will have a choice of simulation games when "NBA Live 13" tips off against "NBA 2K13"
"Our children are not criminals.
West said he was able to leave devastation through the kindness of Japanese people
A drunk passenger tried to set the curtains of a Boeing 767 on fire
Lensky was handed over to authorities in Vienna when the flight landed
Pumpkin pie became a popular dish on 17th-century American tables
China's ambassador is concerned about deteriorating conditions in Libya
More than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped in northern Nigeria
U.S.
The number of U.S.
London police arrest man in connection with brazen daylight robbery of jewelry store
43 items were taken, with a value of about £40 million, or about $65 million
Both the AFL-CIO and SEIU are lobbying for an easier path to citizenship
Inside the Middle East chooses 10 of the region's must-visit historical sites
He admitted letting between 80 to 165 people illegally cross into the U.S.
Guerrero and cohorts received bribes ranging from $500 to $3,000 per person
Vivian: When will we reach a day when we don't have to refer to crimes in racial terms?
George W.
China last year overtook the United States as world's largest consumer of energy
The U.N.
Their opponents say the cost of those jobs -- to the environment, the people and the future -- is just too high
Since Tuesday, engineers have been inside the One57 building on West 57th
"She is in no danger and she's going to be just fine," Bill and Diane Locklear said
U.S.
Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels off coast of Somalia in 2008
Windows and Microsoft Office remain the engine driving the vast majority of the company's profits
Bhutto wrote e-mail on October 26, eight days after deadly suicide bombing
Bhutto was concerned problem was worsening as elections neared, Siegel says
U.S.
The Suez Canal is a key waterway for international trade
Rates at transit hotels vary but are often cheaper than regular hotels
One of the most popular transit hotels is at Singapore's Changi, one of the world's busiest airports
Over the past two decades, food waste and obesity have nearly doubled at equal rates
In Canada more than 17.5 million kilograms of food is thrown out every month
50 percent of all food produced on the planet goes in the trash
Gov.
Charges against Bryant Purvis reduced to second degree aggravated battery
Both women pay for all of their clothes themselves
"We are interrogating him," Chavez says at a campaign event
A woman falls down an elevator shaft at Fenway Park
FIFA boasts more than 200 member states -- more than the United Nations
The six-piece 2-tone outfit are originally from the English Midlands
He declined to illuminate how much Moss will be appearing in the show's sixth season
Justice Department is suing to block AT&T's proposed acquisition
In the past year, T-Mobile has seen a steady decline in profits
Russia's Defense Ministry says there was no violation of flight regulations
U.S.
Baldwin Street in Dunedin, New Zealand, holds the Guinness World Record for world's steepest street
The new rifles are designed to handle the greater rate of use and last twice as long
Lurssen shipyard in Bremen will soon unleash the world's longest mega yacht
U.S.
This ''prestige'' production is at heart a minor road-show carnival
Sacha Baron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter mug and prance as comic-relief grifters
Amanda Seyfried and Eddie Redmayne play young lovers Cosette and Marius
Kazemi first Iranian ever to be drafted by an NBA team
"Every time I interact with her, there's something quite inspiring"
Brit + Co.
U.S.
He won two BET Awards in 2007 and four Grammy Awards in 2009
Nelson was Gov.
His last role was in "Runaway Jury," a 2003 film starring Dustin Hoffman, John Cusack
Bullock said she didn't deserve the Oscar for "The Blind Side
U.S.
Poll: 51 percent of Americans view foreign trade as a threat to the economy
China defended the execution in a statement issued by the Chinese Embassy in London
The British Film Institute is releasing the full 144-minute version of The Shining
The teens testified only after the judge granted them immunity
U.S.
Voters in Michigan, Missouri and Washington also voted Tuesday
Former Gov.
Against Me!
Officials in Japan have told people that radiation levels pose no risk to health
In math, U.S. high schoolers were in the bottom quarter of the countries
11,000 foreign fighters overall may have fought in Syria, from more than 70 countries
Rivers had been on life support at Manhattan's Mount Sinai hospital
A group of fighters in Afghanistan is filmed by a CNN cameraman parading ISIS flags
Brazilian media is calling it "the trial of the century"
Cases of West Nile virus are up 25% in the past week
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia were able to see the eclipse
One company seeking to tap this demand is German-based KUKA Robotics
"This is too horrible to contemplate.
Rep.
Alan P.
If found guilty, Lopez could face nearly 14 years in prison.
ISIS has made it clear it plans to send fighters to Europe, once western forces are "defeated"
"What's the definition of a child?" asked Justice Samuel Alito
The cover features a bearded and turbaned cartoon figure of the Prophet Mohammed
Estimate: 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered
Doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity
Eurozone eyeing a plan that would rapidly cut Greece's debt mountain early next decade
The deal would involve a political fix to reset Athens' long-term debt target to after 2020
Attacks between ethnic Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims erupted in June
More than 125,000 Rohingya were forced into dozens of internally displaced camps
Republican Gov.
"It's 100% we're off!
Like wine, tea's final flavor is influenced heavily by terroir -- the microclimate in which it's grown
On February 10, more than 2000 people protested against the Syrian regime in Dubai
As demonstrators didn't have a permit to protest, Dubai police asked them to leave
At the same time, we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens
Among the defendants are current and former Defense and Navy secretaries
Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years
Experts aren't sure what's behind the increase in earlier puberty
Allen St.
Waldorf started a software consulting company before he began high school
Spanish club Villarreal sack coach Juan Carlos Garrido after exiting Copa del Rey
Italy is a major gateway into Europe for migrants from North Africa
The popular online video service now sees itself as a descendent of cable TV
YouTube is also making it easier to post videos on Facebook and Twitter
AC Milan and Roma played out a goalless draw in Italy's Serie A
Juventus moved back into the top four in Serie A thanks to a narrow win over Fiorentina
Mississippi River expected to crest at 26 feet at Burlington, Iowa, on Wednesday
Apple's share price plunged 3.57% to $501.75 -- its lowest point in 11 months
Sgt.
Democratic Sens.
Hashi came to Britain as a six-year-old, fleeing Somalia's civil war
Monks brewed the high-gravity beers to provide liquid nourishment while they fasted
White House would neither confirm nor deny the option is being considered
But a child shot in the face still causes doctors to jolt
He had a mastectomy but kept his female reproductive organs
J.J.
The boys' relatives blame the Israeli military for the killings
Marine Cpl.
Sen.
Carly Simon smartly plays ''Just Like a Woman'' as a feminist ballad
The savviest musicians here flip Dylan's messages for their own aims
U.S.
Both eBay and Craigslist took steps Monday to thwart ticket sellers
CNN has obtained some of the names of those subpoenaed
The passengers were traveling to a holy site in western Nepal
Kayla Allen was wounded April 12 when her father opened fire on the family
Young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away
Radcliffe's earnings from first five Potter films have been held in trust fund
"The Cosby Show" premiered 30 years ago
"India isn't emerging.
The suit was brought by two Nashville residents after they applied to be on "The Bachelor"
The complaint alleges that few people of color are chosen to compete
Likourentzos said the healthcare system is 2 billion euros [$2.6 billion] in debt.
Greece spends 11 billion euros ($14.4 billion) annually on its healthcare system
"Man on a Ledge" underwhelmed with $8.3 million -- enough for fifth place
If convicted of enterprise corruption, all could face up to 25 years in prison
Experts who monitor hate groups like the KKK say their ranks are as thin as they've ever been
Some of the children are as young as 11, the officials say
Reiss, 24, is second French woman facing charges released on bond
"We are starting to see a lot of politicians talking a lot and not doing much," said Obama
New York St.
Sen.
"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn--Part 1" grossed $62.3 million over Wednesday-to-Sunday
"The Muppets" debuted in second place with a strong $42.3 million
"Arthur Christmas" unwrapped a fairly lackluster $17 million
People who run for at least four hours a week melt more calories than non-runners
Downing five 5-ounce cups of green tea a day boosts metabolism
Vitamin C can help you burn more fat, and D may help you lose fat
Your body may not burn fat as efficiently if you down a huge meal right before bedtime
Across the Middle East, Muslims are observing the holy month of Ramadan
MME takes a look at how Ramadan is affecting businesses
Japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in Iraq by the end of the year
Japanese Navy continues refueling missions in support of coalition in Afghanistan
The app lets users submit a tip by phone or by filling out a tip form
Howard K.
Here are what my top five priorities would be if I were in Steve Jobs' shoes
Silvio Berlusconi is campaigning to win his old job back for the fourth time
The eurozone's third largest economy is hurting, with unemployment surpassing 11%
The bill originally failed to gain approval because of a Democratic filibuster
U.S.
Pinterest drives more visitors to third-party websites than Google+, YouTube and LinkedIn
It's a visual social network that organizes by topic and lets you reshare with one click
Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed the 18-year-old on August 9
It sets five years of eating and farming policy in the United States
It cuts the food stamp program and increases spending on farmers markets
U.S.
Police arrested 561 people Saturday in the capital of Riyadh
Saudi Arabia launched a "security campaign" this month to crack down on visa violations
Adam Dandach, 21, of Orange, California, was arrested July 3
25 years since Edward James Olmos portrayed real-life math teacher in "Stand and Deliver"
The nonprofit organization has already helped more than 7,000 returning troops find jobs
Questlove hopes the appearance will convince D'Angelo to release his LP
Sen.
"Good morning, shooters.
Google on verge of unveiling subscription service for YouTube's specialist video channels
Aims to finance a broader range of content and add a second revenue stream
Viewers will be able to subscribe to each channel for as little as $1.99 a month
Most of Canada's 2,500 troops in Afghanistan are in Kandahar province
The Canadian mission in Afghanistan was to end next February
Ryanair, Europe's largest budget airline by revenue, declined to comment on the survey on Sunday
More than 1,000 captains and first officers at Ryanair -- more than one-third of the total number of pilots at the company.
At least 72 people were killed in the assault by Bodo militants on Tuesday
Nokia and Samsung may release phones with bendable displays in 2012
ISIS has run hashtag campaigns to tap into trending topics on Twitter
Svinafellsjokull lies at the foot of Vatnajokull, said to be the largest glacier outside of polar regions
AAP's previous policy took a more neutral stance on circumcision
Serbia through to the semifinals of the world basketball championships
The cause of the crash is under investigation, Navy says
"Do you see how quickly this could have turned for the worse?"
A four-ounce cup of store-bought eggnog boasts a whopping 170 calories
The United States has a list of 59 designated terror groups
Girl Scouts are financially responsible for any cookies they order
Police began executing search warrants last week on Garrido property
World No.
Police have cordoned off the area around the base of the One57 building on West 57th street
As gusts of up to 60 mph barreled through New York, the crane was damaged Monday
World leaders to converge in New York to focus on climate change
Leaders expected to discuss how climate change affects energy, food security, trade
Today Reuters has 196 bureaux serving approximately 131 countries.
"He understands and says what they have taught him," Delfin Gonzalez says
Rep.
CNN has invited him to blog on events unfolding in Zimbabwe
Bayern Munich agree a deal to sign Croatian international striker Ivica Olic
Murphy's earning power has steadily declined since his string of '80s hits
Love was the losing captain in the Miracle at Medinah in 2012
Four children in Lake County, Indiana, were sickened by the virus
Thousands of Cuban demonstrators, trade unionists gather from around world
"I am marching for Cuba and for the Cuban revolution," one Cuban marcher says
Cuba had billed march as rebuke to international criticism over human rights
She has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arrest
Figueroa was the preferred candidate for an organization called Change FIFA
Serbia also ordered to play two games behind closed doors
The sign at South Forsyth High School struck many as offensive
The world No.
"I'm good everybody," read a message from Lil Wayne's Twitter account Friday evening
Saturday night's crash left eight people dead
Peter Farrelly dropped a Twitter-imploding bombshell in the middle of a "Three Stooges"
"We're getting set to shoot Dumb and Dumber 2 in September," the director said
Google hopes to revolutionize Web address shortening arena with Goo.gl
Google says it is also using special provisions to prevent blind links leading to malware
"I was Oprah before there was Oprah," he once said
His 1960 biography was called "Confessions of a Happy Man"
Sir Howard Stringer will step down as Sony CEO and president on April 1
Sony has appointed Kazuo Hirai, currently executive deputy president, to replace Stringe
Rep.
Moore was nominated for a best supporting actress Oscar in 1960 for "Imitation of Life"
Cape Town is set to benefit from major international sporting events
Massimo Busacca selected to referee Champions League final on Wednesday
Authorities investigate reports disabled children were buried during solar eclipse
Cameras run hospitals about $1,000 each in addition to an annual service fee
Giyen Kim, 34, has lost 10 pounds since January 1
The marathoner was born in what is now South Sudan
He does not have a passport
Google unveiled a new home server called Nexus Q on its Google Play store
Google bills the globe-like device as "the first social streaming player"
The device is priced at $299 and will ship in July
U.S.
FBI bomb technicians and explosives experts found explosives in Reid's shoes
Reid, a British citizen and convert to Islam, pleaded guilty to all eight counts against him
In December, U.S.
At the U.S.
Christina Perri's ''A Thousand Years'' sets the tone for "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn -- Part 1"
Don't let the inclusion of a Bruno Mars song fool you into thinking "Dawn" is a leap into pop-crossover diversity
He was first reported missing off Jones Beach, New York, on July 28 by his 22-year-old son
Palin touched on China and human rights, Tibet, Asian, U.S.
The company will soon be launching tablets in 20 restaurants on the West coast
They come loaded with social games and a calculator for check splits and tips
They are accused of murdering, butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act
Maoist insurgency has claimed more than 6,000 lives since the late 1960s
Sen.
The transfer of the Morning Glory "went smoothly and as planned"
"Dancing With the Stars" has announced its new lineup
Ronald Cummings is being held on $12,500 bond
But astronomers can detect material falling into them when they interfere with other stars
Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles
The trial had been scheduled for November
Congressional leaders have to merge an $871 billion Senate bill and $1 trillion House bill
Real Madrid will appoint Jose Mourinho as their new coach on Monday
Cristiano Ronaldo to play in special benefit match for victims of the Madeira floods
Dante Martin, 27, was one of 15 people charged in the incident
Zite can learn your reading habits and personalize content based on your interests
"It's a combination of semantic- and statistically based machine learning," says CEO Ali Davar
Army Staff Sgt.
Saudi officials told CNN the punishment is an integral part of their system of Islamic law
U.S.
P.J.
Nook Simple Touch's GlowLight is adjustable, via a touch-screen menu selection
The lawsuit is at least the fourth challenging the government's surveillance program
Singer is one of Hollywood's most successful directors
Sgt.
"We are winning in Mali," French President Francois Hollande says
Warner Bros. had a much harder time with its release "Shorts"
"G.I.
U.S.
Puerto Rico's poverty rate is about 45%, three times the national U.S.
G.L.
The race is one of the most hotly contested of the midterm election
In a separate incident, insurgents attacked a nonprofit organization in Kabul
"We are stunned!
Sen.
The United States calculates there are up to 10,000 ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria
UN: At least 757 civilians were killed during the group's advance in northern Iraq
S.E.
Four soldiers charged with cruelty and maltreatment of four subordinates
"He is coming only to visit old friends," Lande said
U.S. intelligence estimates that nearly 7,000 foreign fighters have traveled to Syria
Apple posted an image of Winehouse on the front of the iTunes store
Sales of "Back to Black" increased 37 times immediately after Winehouse's death
The navy says there were 83 people aboard the ship
"The Closer" closed out Kyra Sedgwick's involvement in the series on Monday night
"The Closer" series finale brought closure to Deputy Chief Johnson's career
Gov.
Al-Masri was one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain
Taliban are holding talks with the North West Frontier Province's government
About 800 travelers were stranded Sunday morning
Fox just announced two projects in development based on best-selling books
U.N.
NASA crashes rocket and a satellite into the moon's surface
The videos are part of a lawsuit by two former employees
Authorities rescued 14 Chinese victims, who were sent home on the same flight
The one-of-a-kind silk chiffon confection was embellished with organza rosettes
Syria one of few states that did not condemn USSR for occupying Afghanistan
Steroid test results and notes from ex-trainer among documents unsealed
State Rep.
Hasbro agrees to market it, creating the first-ever TV ads for a toy
Mr.
"You do the treadmill first, which is this horrendous, evil thing," she said
The Winter Olympics are hit by tragedy after the death of a competitor
The more stuff that happens in "Puss in Boots," the less stake we have in it
It seems to be trying to distract you from the likable, one-note feline swashbuckler
Sen.
Graphic footage of death, destruction has been shown on state-run networks
When earthquake struck 32 years ago, Chinese media kept information secret
Rosie Perez and Nicolle Wallace join Whoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell
Terry was handed a four-match ban and a $356,000 fine by the English Football Association
Sen.
Obama campaigned against what he called Bush's "failed policies"
At Taylor Mae'd Barber Shop, customers can share their thoughts on camera
Gunman launched an assault against two police stations and a military post
Ivory Coast shares a more than 400-mile border with Ghana
This year he became oldest marathoner to win U.S.
More Americans continue to oppose gay marriage than support it
Biloxi and Bay St.
Silver's many roles included playing consultant Bruno Gianelli in "The West Wing"
Peter and Penelope Duff from Bath, England, died in Zurich on February 27
Iowa Sen.
Twitter is rolling out a "mute" feature that will let you silence certain users
Seventy-five Australian soldiers killed in World War I battle of Fromelles identified
Doomsday Clock had been adjusted only 18 times before Thursday
Clijsters will face China's Li Na in Friday's final at Sydney's Olympic Park
Police allege terrorist activity directly linked to the arrests of Ashton and Carlos Larmond
Silverman playing Andre's (Paul Scheer) sister
Gen.
Venetian Casino Resort opened in 1999, originally consisted of 3,036 suites
In May 2004, Las Vegas Sands opened the Sands Macau
American Rivers named the San Joaquin the "most endangered" U.S.
At least 43 people are feared dead
Emergency shelter opened over the weekend at Lackland Air Force Base
A 19-day-old infant disappeared from a Manhattan hospital in 1987
Many Iranians viewing team's bands as a sign of support for opposition leader
United States beat 2010 World Cup hosts South Africa 1-0 in Cape Town
Discovery has logged more than 148 million miles in orbit
In early 2008, McConaughey told fans he was starting a family with Alves
Apple scheduled to report first quarter earnings on April 23
Neither Democrats nor Republicans have detailed how they would pay for proposals
Until now, the government has gone after the protesters themselves
U.S.
Tibetan leader's spokesman denied there was any political subtext to visit
"I come from a different time ...
Park Geun-hye will become next president of South Korea
South Korea is a strategic Western ally and Asia's fourth-largest economy
Capt.
In Europe this week, issues around women's advancement and empowerment high on the agenda
"The hospital doesn't know what Mr.
Legeno was also an MMA fighter
Fact Check: Is there any connection between the recent deadly earthquakes?
Gov.
People who type on their phones while walking are less likely to keep their balance
Italy has borne brunt of task of picking up, sheltering and providing food and medical help to illegal migrants
636 F/A-18 A through D model Hornets being inspected for stress crack
Inspectors started looking at planes Thursday and have found 15 with problem
Navy officials said there are no immediate plans to ground the planes
Nez was one of 29 Navajos recruited to develop the code
Roughly 60 percent of the world's population living in poverty are women and girls
Both vessels, HMS Vanguard, Le Triomphant, armed with nuclear warheads
"G.I.
"The Time Traveler's Wife" materialized into third place with $19.2 million
Special Olympics has grown into a global organization that helps 3 million athletes
Prince William says it is a "great privilege" to be invited to Canada
U.S.
An anthropological investigation is under way
His kids like to tease him by singing the song "Billionaire"
People in Third World countries have no idea who he is
He has a Twitter account, but had a problem with Facebook
He was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1985
Saudi authorities shut down network's offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after interview aired
it was so striking to see Facebook tease a feature clearly intended for dating during the company's big press event on Tuesday
Facebook could become a social venue where casual users occasionally browse for dates
U.S.
Expert: Just few smokers can cause a big impact in a large apartment
Interpol Web site logged 30 times more visitors than in an average day
Many Iranians viewing team's bands as a sign of support for opposition leader
Russell, 40, shares custody of two children with "Franklin & Bash" actor Mark-Paul Gosselaar
Probst, 50, will preside over the finale of "Survivor: South Pacific" on CBS
Begala: Scott's political career blown across Florida by a one-foot-wide electric fan.
"Once returned to a floating state, the wreck will be towed to an Italian port," Costa says
Almost 93,000 people submitted more than 104,000 questions
Fighting has triggered flight of more than 67,000 Somalis since May 8
Most heading to Afgooye corridor, a 30-kilometer stretch of ramshackle housing
Capt.
Aleksandr Suvorov, 28, had entered guilty pleas in two separate schemes
Intel agencies fear Edward Snowden has achieved celebrity as a leaker
Johnson can next be seen in "G.I.
"The officer carries a radio on his belt but he might as well be wearing a brick"
Maryland residents are scheduled to cast their ballot November 6
Rep.
The last U.S.
"Immortals" became the new box office titan, scoring a strong $32 million opening
"Puss in Boots" settled for third with an estimated $25.5 million
Bank robberies in New York have risen 54 percent compared with last year
On Monday alone, robbers targeted five banks, some striking in broad daylight
J.R.
Three members of a polygamous sect led by Warren Jeffs indicted
Each faces one felony count of sexual assault of a child
At least $5 million has been donated to the Aurora Victims Relief Fund
Obama has used the term "special relationship" with only one other country, Israel
The President views the improving economy after a difficult recession as a potential cornerstone of his legacy
People who are parents of minor children are especially likely (64%) to get local mobile news
Gupta and David E.
Full Throttle prides itself on having the world's first ever "top hat" loop
"I've always written plays for the purpose of getting something out of my system"
"I couldn't sleep before, but now it's worse.
The European Union is sanctioning 11 more people over the crisis
Facebook has added "In a civil union" and "In a domestic partnership" to its list
Iraqi government bans all organized visits to Saddam Hussein's grave
Move reflects concern of Iraq's government over presence of the Baath Party
Eli Roth "blew it" when he first auditioned for "Inglourious Basterds"
On Monday morning, the French government presented its resignation
Poirier: The French government must now decide what direction it wants to take
Georgia Gov.
Three medications are available in the U.S. to treat alcoholism
Adam Gadahn, also known as Azzam the American, appeared in video released on Internet
Moonshine is not uncommon in poverty-stricken communities in India
New Jersey Gov.
Robert F.
U.S.
Forecasters fear additional casualties
A new CNN/ORC poll shows a statistical dead heat
Democratic Sen.
Third-placed Arsenal's title hopes dented after conceding a late equalizer at Birmingham
The University of Alabama's student newspaper is trying to track down the missing
Inflation is a major concern, violent crime is on the rise, cases of corruption fill the press
The U.N.
Ansari: Khamenei has been able to blame divisions on Ahmadinejad and his "deviant current"
1960s put him in front of a new set of audiences
"The Woman in Black" embraces the elements of gothic horror movies with pleasing seriousness
Do you know a hero?
Lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust
"Slingo" is played by more than 55 million people through online, mobile and casino games
The game's creators are partnering with Zynga, maker of such popular social games as "Farmville"
"He doesn't believe in power sharing.
U.S.
Mario Balotelli scores second-half equalizer to earn Inter Milan a 1-1 draw at Parma
Sevilla are through to the Copa del Rey final despite a narrow 1-0 defeat Getafe
He is postponing all scheduled events through end of the year
Stephen G.
California Rep.
Rep.
Polls predicted a tight race coming down to the wire, with Netanyahu in a virtual tie with Isaac Herzog of the Zionist Union party
Former Arkansas Gov.
Retired Adm.
Rihanna allegedly attacked by her boyfriend, singer Chris Brown, on February 8
Day-Lewis' performance has a beautiful gravitas, yet there's nothing too severe about it
He gives Lincoln a surprisingly plainspoken, reedy high voice that retains the courtly cadences of the South
"Lincoln" brilliantly dramatizes the delicacy of politics, along with the raw brutality of it
The new rifles are designed to handle the greater rate of use and last twice as long
Nalbandian and Schwank beat Spain's Lopez and Verdasco 6-4 6-2 6-3
Two late goals earn Barcelona 3-1 win over Sporting Gijon
Chipotle employees in Minnesota were fired after an immigration audit
Kennedy family members purchased some 50 plots surrounding the grave
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows
The Zack Snyder-directed production had been scheduled for release on July 17, 2015.
"Over 1,000,000 calls placed from Gmail in just 24 hours!"
R.E.M.
"We Need to Talk About Kevin" is the ultimate cautionary tale for prospective parents
Eva is more or less convinced that Kevin is damaged goods and things only get worse
City's economic boom has led to the resurgence of local gangs
Spain is already poised to tap Europe's bailout funds to help its banks, which require almost 60 billion euros
Florida Sen.
Gray wolves were removed from federal protection earlier this year
All the exchanges should be up and running by October 1
Marketing experts are tapping into potential goldmine of female Chinese consumers
Shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the Nembe creek pipeline
The bill now goes to Gov.
ABC blinked first, yanking its Tuesday comedy "Don't Trust the Bâ€”- in Apt.
Fox says the remaining "Ben and Kate" episodes will air at some point
Where did he go?
China newly declared air defense zone has raised tensions in the region
Kevin Ward Jr.
Arsenal climb to top of English Premier League with 2-0 victory over London rivals West Ham
Vonn said she injured her right shin when she fell in practice while in Austria
U.S.
U.S. has made strides with respect to better care for teen moms
Sen.
Marine Cpl.
Most sent to institutions had some form of developmental disability
Retired Air Force Lt.
Street art has existed in Cairo before the revolution, albeit furtive and hardly visible
None of the defendants in the civil lawsuits faced criminal charges
Tibetans want genuine autonomy from China
Army Archerd died of a rare form of mesothelioma, a type of lung cancer
He was the first journalist honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame
Archerd was president and founder of the Hollywood Press Club
Gov.
Ruben de la Red has officially announced his retirement from football
U.S.
YouTube announced that it has increased its upload limit from 10 minutes to 15
The site explains that it's been beefing up its copyright protection tools
YouTube is launching a contest of sorts called "15 Minutes of Fame"
Pirates hijack two European-owned chemical tankers off the coast of Somalia
23,000-ton Norwegian-owned M/V Bow-Asir captured
U.S.
Jobs questioned authority his entire life, even choosing to drive without license plates
The military has spoken only in generalities about the spacecraft
The trial ended in October with a victory for AEG Live
Jackson lawyers argued the verdict form used by the jury was faulty
Jackson lawyers have indicated they will appeal the jury's verdict
The U.S.
Bulger is facing 19 counts of murder as part of a racketeering conspiracy
Warren Jeffs led the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Karen activists said it was too early to gauge whether peace would hold
Israeli envoy in Egypt for cease-fire talks
GoldiBox toy company used a parody of the song "Girls"
The video has been viewed more than seven million times
Adam Yauch's will prohibited the use of his music in advertisements
Texas Republican was born in Canada to an American mother and a Cuban father
Bryans had been tied with Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde since May
The new note is equal to just one U.S. dollar
Digg launches overhaul and redesign of the struggling social media service
"Watchmen" dropped a hefty 67 percent from its big opening last weekend
Eli Roth "blew it" when he first auditioned for "Inglourious Basterds"
Lauren Weisberger is working on "Revenge Wears Prada: The Devil Returns"
Simon & Schuster will be publishing the follow-up in April 2013
Mehsud has been target of suspected U.S.
"The safety of our students is our No.
Obama campaigned against what he called Bush's "failed policies"
Norris's editorial would make you think Gingrich is a ninja assassin
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has proposed time zone reforms
Sgt.
Two other boys ages 13 and 15 have been charged as juveniles
O.J.
The chase and subsequent "not guilty" verdict are among the most memorable TV moments
Kosovo expected to declare independence from Serbia in new year
U.S.
The moderator's chair on NBC's "Meet the Press" stood empty Sunday
Director Sam Raimi takes care to honor the original in spirit and style
Some analysts say North Korea might be trying to buy time with new outreach
Analysts say North Korea also desperate to break out of diplomatic isolation
"Bongs" of London's Big Ben stopped on Saturday for up to six weeks
The stoppage will be the longest suspension of Big Ben since 1990
Right now 40% of finished drugs Americans take come from other countries
68 - Percent of the vote Ryan received in the 2010 election, after a recount
6 - Number of days a week you have to work out on the P90X exercise regimen
1 - Times Ryan has driven the Oscar Mayer "Wienermobile"
International Space Station's 3-D printer has created the first object to be made in orbit
Michael J.
He negotiated release of pirate-held hostages and vessels in return for ransom
Bill would allow for a woman to be prosecuted if she illegally takes drugs while pregnant
Mubarak resigned February 11 after 18 days of protest against his rule
On the morning of Eid, Muslims don new clothes and head to prayers
She was also first to hit 10 million fans on Facebook, 1 billion views on YouTube
The president's biographer attributes the shift to a new sense of freedom
U.S.
Third-placed Bayer Leverkusen loses 1-0 at bottom club Eintracht Braunschweig
Dressage has roots in the military training of elite officers and their horses, dating back hundreds of years
Show jumping is one of the more dangerous Olympic sports and it can also be one of the most exciting
U.S.
U.S.
The plastic BananaBunker safeguards snacks from getting banged around in your bag
Flight Lt.
U.S.
U.S.
Speicher's remains will be taken to Jacksonville, Florida, for burial
Cologne move off bottom of table with first victory, winning 2-0 at Stuttgart
Peugeot posted a loss of €343 million, or $456 million, in 2008
All infected persons confirmed as having strain of E. coli 0157:H7
Lt.
Western Australia averages less than one person per square kilometer
Capt.
Authorities looking into why plane went down during takeoff from Kandahar airfield
Military officials did not identify type of jet that crashed, nor the nationality of the crew
30 percent said they think an attack on American soil is likely soon
When assembled, the product resembles a turkey with a pumpkin-shaped body
The Rev.
The program is designed to see how Wi-Fi can help relieve wireless data congestion
If all goes well, AT&T said it may expand the offering to other cities
"The attacks will stop when the department states the truth about my innocence," he wrote
He was arrested in 2009 in Thailand and had been fighting extradition to the United States
After a 13-year hiatus from making music, Scott-Heron put out a new album last year
H.R.
New York's 76 zoos, aquariums and botanical gardens will lose $9.1 million
Detectives recently obtained a warrant to test Ramirez's DNA
U.S.
Dr.
2010's "Call of Duty: Black Ops" sold more than 13.7 million units in the U.S.
Nintendo intends to respond to the Xbox threat by cutting the Wii's price next month
Pfc.
The U.S.
Military officials had rescinded the previous curfew on July 2, 2010
Gov.
Deen's career went into a tailspin after her deposition in the lawsuit
What are you glad to have back?
The group has recruited around 40 American men and also dozens from Europe
The attack on the Nairobi mall may be an attempt by Al-Shabaab to signal its continued relevance
Lee was treated for an irregular heartbeat and "stroke-like symptoms"
Italian giants Juventus have completed the signing of Brazil playmaker Diego
A decision on a definitive end date will be made next week
Since November, CNN has uncovered delays in care at VA facilities across the country
Lt.
Sen.
Sachin Tendulkar denied the chance to secure a record 100th international century
"I was shaking when I found out.
IOC President Jacques Rogge: "London has created a legacy blueprint"
Setola is allegedly head of killing team run by the powerful Casalesi clan
The world No.
Putin has suggested that Medvedev should take over the role of prime minister
The results remain unofficial until the country's electoral tribunal ratifies them
He led small army of law enforcement officers on a weeks-long manhunt
The self-styled survivalist and military buff was captured in October
The U.S.
Calls for greater investment in agriculture to tackle long and short-term hunger
The passenger on the motorcycle was a 25-year-old female member of his staff
The company's DVD customers may still order the discs in the mail
U.S.
The town flourished as a trading village for over a hundred years
Lewis Hamilton fastest on second last day of F1 testing at Circuit de Catalunya
With price of gold near historic highs, find could be worth as much as $300m
Louis C.K. will host "Saturday Night Live" on November 3
World No.
Demand for status dog breeds in Hong Kong comes in waves
He tried to leave the maternity ward of a suburban New York City hospital with his newborn son
The growth surge was driven in part by a recovery of electronics exports
Cuts in interest rates and the government's plans to spend more aggressively have boosted investor confidence
Nearly 400 million people in Africa live below the poverty line, and depend on agriculture
79 percent support system in which leaders elected through free, direct elections
U.S.
A Russian court denied parole for Maria Alyokhina, a jailed member of Pussy Riot
Alyokhina and her defense team plan to appeal the Berezniki City Court's decision
"Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act" went into effect 20 years ago
There were 4,394 cases where planes came too close to one another
The regime's carrot-and-stick approach may work in the short term
More than 2,200 people have died in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone
Money will be used to purchase supplies and scale up emergency operations
U.S.
Transocean does not specifically dispute their claims of injuries
2,300 Palestinians "are living in desperate conditions along the Iraq-Syria border"
World No.
45,000 workers walked off the job at govt.-controlled companies Wednesday
George W.
He was arrested Thursday on charges of harboring illegal immigrants
It is eastern Europe's most indebted nation, with a debt-to-GDP ratio of 80%
Chief Master Sgt.
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
The U.S.
Gov.
Detroit public schools will be closed Friday because of extreme cold
Outside of June to October the coast will be fiercely cold and most businesses will be closed
More than 30% of men older than 20 are overweight
Sono's international career never took off because of South Africa's exclusion
The Marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in August 2003 that killed 12 people
In first incident an avalanche buried one person who was with a party of eight cross-country skiers
Technology is largely responsible for the shift in expectations
Jean H.
Apple TV runs iOS, the same operating system running on its the iPhone
Rep.
World No.
U.S.
The book is scheduled to hit stores on September 30
In January of 2007, a Norwegian newspaper reprinted the drawings
Schettino faces possible charges of manslaughter, shipwreck and abandoning ship
Pfc.
The existence of the document was first reported by Politico
The case comes as the military faces pressure to crack down on sexual assault
The suspensions are related to the US retailer's probe into allegations that employees bribed government officials
On Friday, Walmart said its Indian joint venture with Bharti Enterprises had suspended "a few associates"
Walmart and its partner Bharti Enterprises have been working together since 2007
Other dates on "The Mrs.
CNN sailed with the Svend Maersk to get a sea-level view of the industry
There were no U.S.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack
Sudan has asked for an emergency meeting of Arab foreign ministers
Army Spc.
U.S.
Monet pastel drawing of London's Waterloo Bridge on display at the Savoy hotel
"Let England Shake" sounds a world apart from Harvey's last solo album, 2007's "White Chalk"
The sound is muted guitar/organ balladry, heavy on melody but never rocking out
The jury was unable to bring a verdict against his co-defendant, the Rev.
The warnings are part of a crackdown on alleged al Qaeda hideouts
Obama administration has recognized risks posed by Yemen becoming a failed state
"I was really surprised to see these kind of modern stores and malls," he said
Sudan has been under strict sanctions and a trade embargo for nearly 20 years
Since the fall of the Soviet Union, there has been a revival of Cossack culture and pride
"There can be no good future for Germany without a good future for a united Europe"
Dr.
World No.
European leaders have taken steps to deepen financial ties in the eurozone
Sen.
David J.
WHO is warning that weekly cases could reach 10,000 by the start of December
The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May
The FBI cited the Internet as a source for cheap, easy to purchase hand-held gadgets
Lasers directed at aircraft can cause temporary blindness to pilots
Oasis' second album (What's the story) Morning Glory? sold nearly four million copies in the United States
Allen, then 56, was involved with Soon-Yi Previn, Farrow's 19-year-old adopted daughter
Deandre Kelley, 34, is charged with the shooting death of Achauntiara Lanza
Access to the crown will be limited to 10 people at a time, guided by a ranger
P.D.
Do you know a hero?
Cape Verde seeking to tap-into rich cultural heritage
Apple CEO Tim Cook expects China to become the No.
Englishman John Parry holds a one-stroke halfway lead at the Austrian Open
The 23-year-old cards a bogey-free five-under-par 67 to lie on eight-under-par
U.S.
Visitors will also be able to stroll through 19 state rooms
The exhibition shows recreations of the table settings and flowers of the coronation banquets
Spain, a eurozone behemoth, is in the crosshairs of Europe's financial crisis
If such a major economy were to fail, the repercussions could cause unprecedented havoc across the globe
A judge denied a petition to combine two pending racketeering cases
But investment in these markets are still paying handsome dividends
A wonder goal from Arjen Robben helped Bayern Munich snatch a 3-2 away victory over Werder Bremen.
Borussia Dortmund are now only three points behind Bayern after they claimed a narrow 1-0 win over Hamburg.
He has assembled a campaign team and told supporters he aims to raise $100 million
Rep.
The report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century
Sudan claims Heglig's oil fields, which account for about half of the nation's oil production
Doug O'Neill trained Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner I'll Have Another
U.N.
Gadgets that are more complex or open-ended tend to frustrate most consumers
U.S.
Winds were gusting between 30 and 50 mph in the area
Former champ Roy Jones Jr.
Researchers estimate there are 7,000 to 12,000 cheetahs in the world
Review of Internet content has been in place since 2008
U.S.
Dr.
Saenz was added to the FBI's list of 10 Most Wanted Fugitives in 2009
Williams is daughter of Hank Jr., granddaughter of Hank Sr.
After 18 months in recession, the eurozone finally posted some much needed growth
The challenge for Europe's leaders will be to seize upon the green shoots
First lady Jacqueline Kennedy was a passenger in the car
Women over 60 have a 1 in 6 chance of getting Alzheimer's disease
U.S.
Marc J.
U.N.
Sen.
Bayern Munich stay level on points with German Bundesliga leaders Bayer Leverkusen
But there are strong signs that Rouhani is trying to revive Iran's dormant reform movement
Students will identify contemporary applications of the U.S.
Her nonprofit provides financial aid and friendship to elderly Holocaust survivors
Do you know a hero?
Brazilian Teixeira handed a two-month suspension and a $8,600 fine by FIFA
$165 billion measure puts no restrictions on war-money Bush requested
He spent time in a "confidential rehabilitation center" last August
Dr.
The Ministry of Health took to Facebook to deny reports the doctor died
Khan had been overseeing Ebola treatment and isolation units
Polyandry is a form of polygamy where a woman is married to two or more husbands
The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide
U.S.
Michael J.
Philippines Sen.
He said he would continue the fight started by his parents to promote democracy
Lewis Hamilton took victory for the Silver Arrows at the Chinese Grand Prix
Google hopes it will help people find each other and keep track of loved ones
To protect privacy, Google specifically requires people to sign up for the service
People can share their precise location, the city they're in, or nothing at all
Other top states were West Virginia, Alabama, Tennessee, South Carolina
The survey used the Body Mass Index standards set by the CDC
A shaky ceasefire has been in place in Donetsk and neighboring Luhansk
They were found guilty of stealing babies from political prisoners
500 people in 42 states have respiratory illnesses caused by enterovirus D68
President Obama addresses graduating class at Arizona State University
Gunshot wound patients are fairly regular at Denver Health, although not on this scale
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows
The U.N.
Her current single "Good Girl" has climbed up to No.
U.N.
Caroline Wozniacki beats Maria Sharapova in last 16 at U.S.
2014 quilts are light-blue with stitched diamonds of colored flower
CNN obtained an extraordinary 23½ hours of Army interrogation videotapes
Tapes show one of the sergeants confessing to the crime
Fighting first erupted in the area on November 8, when Syrian rebels mounted an assault
Israel: Kevin McCarthy and Steve Scalise were elected on pledges of fealty to the tea party
Dreamworks Animation's "Monsters vs.
U.S.
She was a graduate of Hunter College and Columbia University
Handheld device is commonly used at checkpoints in Iraq and Afghanistan
65.7% - The percentage of eligible female voters who voted in the 2008 election.
61.5% - The percentage of eligible male voters who voted in the 2008 election.
70.4 million -- The number of women who cast ballots in the 2008 presidential election, versus 60.7 million men.
56% - The percentage of female voters who voted for Barack Obama in 2008, versus 43% for John McCain.
Kony is wanted by the International Criminal Court for alleged war crimes
3 - States with two women senators: California, New Hampshire, and Washington
95 - Percent of the U.S.
19 - Percent of the U.S.
6 - Number of reindeer owned by Kerry Bentivolio, a congressman-elect from Michigan
Duke of Cambridge will attend a 10-week agriculture management course
Dr.
World No.
Radovan Stankovic was convicted in Bosnia in November 2006
Original lead singer Dave Bickler left the band for medical reasons
Saturday's full moon will be the biggest in almost 20 years
U.S.
45 barracks "were found to need immediate attention," statement says
"The Normal Bar" aims to get couples talking about their sex lives
Adm.
Islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous
Do you know a hero?
Oregon carried out a pilot program and deemed it "successful"
Lowest rating in more than 18 months, according to a CNN/ORC International survey
U.S.
John McAuliffe returns to his childhood home in Listowel to recharge his writing
Elaine Garvey heads to Sligo and the beach north of town to think and inspire her writing
The Rev.
Richard Gasquet has been cleared of any wrongdoing by the Court of Arbitration for Sport
Frederic Wolens explained that photos remaining online are stuck in a legacy system
Democratic field offices outnumbered GOP outposts in key swing states
"Who would want to do this?"
Former Brazil international captain Socrates has died at the age of 57
The midfielder won 60 international caps and scored 22 goals
Those who prefer a good mystery have "L.A.
Sports enthusiasts will enjoy completely new spins on familiar pastimes
Jillian Michaels found fame as the punishing trainer on "The Biggest Loser"
8,000 auto-rickshaw drivers will be enrolled in training program
U.S.
United States is calling for calm and pushing for dialogue between sides
The Islamic State of Iraq claims responsibility for Thursday's attacks
Rep.
"Imagine a place where you can be a stranger in your own home," protester says
"It was almost like he was doing baseball signs," says deaf actress Marlee Matlin
"This is more about my family and my surgical career," Gupta says
Multiple law-enforcement agencies are searching for Arthur E.
Computer use can strain your eyes
David Buick invented the overhead valve engine, founded Buick Motor Car Co.
Toyota name came from the Toyoda loom works in Kariya, Japan
The U.S.
Serie A champions Inter Milan have completed the signing of striker Goran Pandev
Pandev was a free agent after winning his legal battle against Lazio to be released from his contract
Event features 40 films that show how Latinos have been depicted on the big screen
Netherlands only became kingdom with its own monarch in early 19th century
Queen Beatrix descends from the Nassau and Orange dynasties
Authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered
The alleged leaders are three Chinese citizens living in New York
For comics in the Middle East who don't censor themselves, comedy can be a risky business
The historic center of Warsaw is designated as a World Heritage site
Creator of an original approach to teaching children with autism died last Tuesday
Egypt's Grand Mufti -- highest religious official -- will review death sentence
Approximately 72 million sharks are killed each year and 10,000 tons of fins are traded through Hong Kong
Many anti-Syrian politicians in Lebanon blamed Syria for the assassination
Swiss chocolate maker Lindt is expanding into the U.S., China and Russia
BBC Persian TV launched January 14, broadcasting in Farsi
Gov.
The vaccine is called Bexsero and is made by Novartis
BP and Halliburton are still battling over the disaster in court
CBS has renewed "The Big Bang Theory" through the 2016-17 season
The U.N.
President Obama said Putin has the "most control" over the situation in eastern Ukraine
Sen.
"Russia can end this war.
China has 43 world heritage sites, the most of any country
CNN welcomes budding journalists and news producers from under-represented backgrounds
Investigation has led to the indictment and prosecution of more than 20 people
Scholar says 2011 "is to the Arabs what 1989 was to the communist world"
U.N.
Dr.
Dr.
Gary L.
Do people really know who is included in their "Friends-of-Friends?"
Latinos make up almost 40 percent of the population in Texas
There was no immediate response from Tehran
Iraq began attempting to produce enriched uranium during the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s
St.
William, the second in line to the throne, married Catherine Middleton April 29
100 people were in the church when the bomb exploded
Investigations are under way to determine who planted the bomb
MV Thor Star, was hijacked Tuesday with 28 Thai crew
Gov.
MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston ranked No.
Under the plan, existing natural canals would be linked in 200-km "super-highway"
The potential anthrax exposure happened between June 6 and June 13
Only a handful of people were on the trading floor
The United States respects the vote by the British not to participate in a potential military strike
New Jersey Gov.
U.N.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) claimed responsibility for the killing
U.S.
Environmentalists say depleted cod stocks show the region needs time to recover
U.S.
Dr.
Republican Sen.
Garcia: Columbus' voyage was motivated by a desire to find a safe haven for Jews
Delete any number that would make your plasma harden if dialed randomly
She's still got two token I-like-it-rough tracks -- ''Birthday Cake'' and ''Cockiness (Love It)''
The pair said they will tour one last time next year as a goodbye to fans
Sun Danyong, 25, jumped off the 12th floor of building in southern city of Shenzhen
Apple China said it was awaiting the results of an investigation
"Civilization V: Gods and Kings" updates the iconic strategy game
Senegal has closed its borders with Guinea over fears about the Ebola outbreak
Nekrassov: The point of the election was to introduce some sense of normality in Ukraine
Wildfires have been burning in northwest and central Oklahoma since Thursday
News Corp.
Her body was covered in gasoline, burned and then dumped in a riverbed
The body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic
Another bad reaction to medication prompted Winehouse to enter hospital in July
Grammy-winning Winehouse has suffered a string of health problems
Ireland's victory marks the highest second innings run chase in World Cup history
T.J.
Obama and Republicans are in a fierce debate over government spending
European industrialists warn a growing skills shortage threatens their competitiveness
New Jersey Gov.
Norovirus is highly contagious
Jorge Alberto Lopez Orozco is wanted in Elmore County, Idaho,
FBI was still working Friday to confirm the identity of the man in custody
Wanted on charges he shot and killed three people, the FBI said.
U.S.
American Legislative Executive Council getting attention for pushing conservative legislation
Group was behind the spread of "stand your ground" laws
This week, Coca-Cola and Kraft say they are pulling corporate memberships from group
U.S.
Morris was appointed by President Barack Obama in December 2013
Rep.
Making disrespectful references to China's leaders in public is still taboo
The blast occurred as new graduates left a technical school at the base, news agency says
Benghazi is where the 2011 uprising against longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi began
"Our mom was in a class all by herself," her three children say
U.S.
Adm.
Juror No.
Eight died when the same group, marching in a ceremonial parade, came under fire again
Rep.
National Weather Service forecasters say they expect the cold to last through the week
Authorities say exposure to subfreezing temperatures left at least three people dead
Two people are in custody in connection with the case
U.S.
Google is apparently also talking with other pro sports leagues
Photos or images can create problems if publisher doesn't add alt text
Sri Lanka's largest Tamil political party called for inquiry into U.N.
U.N.
Investigators are still collecting information necessary to identify the bodies
Crews combed the wreckage site last week in three dives
Tape was the subject of a February hearing at the Chatham County Courthouse
"Mr.
Pew study: 63% of teens say they exchange text messages every day
More than 90% of teens from households earning $75,000 or more have a cell phone
Three African armies raid rebel camp in Democratic Republic of Congo
Congo's national army joined Ugandan forces, Sudanese militia in operation
This month, Nissan Barcelona received $178 million in investment to produce 80,000 cars
According to the OECD, Spain's labor costs have dropped almost 5% percent from 2009 to 2012
Limerence has a shelf life.
Once you've transitioned out of infatuation, you either attach or you do the opposite
The National Center on Family Homelessness analyzed data from 2005-06
"We're getting better at knowing what is and what isn't a hoax," he says
FDA issued the warning after it had purchased products over the Internet
Do you know a hero?
There's no doubt Christie is mulling a run for president
The big question will be whether he can get conservatives to support him
Sen.
Rooney was the No.
Since Morsy's ouster Egypt's political scene has become extremely polarized
Sens.
World No.
Both women pay for all of their clothes themselves
Nearly 6,800 Starbucks stores in U.S. will begin accepting mobile payments
Scott's sexuality is revealed to the reader in a decidedly matter-of-fact sort of way
Derrick Praileau, 29, faces second-degree murder charges
Reactions posted on the Internet were varied, according to the China Daily
Navy Cmdr.
Regelbrugge's brothers and two of his sons found his body
No cases of human-to-human transmission virus have been confirmed
Jason Puracal had been serving a 22-year sentence for drug-related crimes
Carol Thatcher referred to a tennis player as a "golliwog" backstage
The Rev.
The title track is a nearly 14-minute depiction of the Titanic disaster
Numerous folk and gospel songs gave accounts of the event
More than £3,000 ($4,709) has been bid for the basketball used in the men's Olympic final won by the U.S.
U.S.
Samuel: "When I hear gunshot, it's not one or 20.
The Wii U is much more than just a souped up Wii with a tablet controller
U.S.
Winston led the top-ranked Seminoles to an undefeated regular season
He plays a lone sailor struggling to stay alive after his sailboat is crippled by a collision
Turkey's Constitutional Court rejects a proposed ban on the country's ruling party
The 3G version of the Kindle Touch with special offers costs $149
The Kindle Keyboard 3G will continue to have unfettered Internet access
North American wireless carriers have deployed a new spam-reporting service
Service generates a data feed of spam reports that carriers can integrate into security
Organizations that disobey shortcode rules can find their shortcode lease revoked
About 59% of the sexual harassment came from customers, about 41% from fellow workers
The singer has an anger-management problem, according to a probation report
Bobbi Kristina Brown, 21, remains in a medically induced coma
Sen.
Vice has closely followed and chronicled the growing political turmoil in Pakistan
Hollie Cavanagh, Phillip Phillips, and Colton Dixon were safe
Two high school students face charges after alleged sex act
The 11th U.S.
Toni spent half of last season on loan at Italian club AS Roma
Dr.
Countries are voted onto the Security Council by all 193 U.N. member nations
Cases date back to 2004, with most of them occurring in Thailand and Taiwan
Ford announced Monday it is renaming its Lincoln division as the Lincoln Motor Co.
"I'm fighting for my life, and I thought people at the power company would help me"
Judge Jeanette Traverso called the state's case "weak"
U.S.
Women in their 40s are leading the charge towards adventure
Investigators are preparing to begin a new search for the recorders in February
In the last three months alone, more than 1.7 million jobs have evaporated
L.A.
Smaller form factor makes it extra portable, easy to whip out on the bus or the subway
Medecins Sans Frontieres was banned following protests by extremist Rakhine nationalists
CEO: Alan Joyce told reporters the leaks were "beyond normal tolerances"
Afghanistan is the source of 80% of the world's illegal opium, the U.S. government says
They will not face criminal charges, London's Metropolitan Police said
U.S.
Capt.
All 155 people aboard were safely evacuated
Woods' 76th PGA tour win puts him closer to regaining the No.
It is Woods' second tournament win of the young season
Illegal to charge tourists money to take photos with the endangered primates
"Savages" is a tricky, amoral, down-and-dirty crime thriller
It's about two marijuana dealers in Laguna Beach who run afoul of a Mexican drug cartel
Anti-austerity protesters are due to march on the Spanish Parliament Thursday
Rear Adm.
Capt.
Beijing has laid claim to most of the South China Sea
India is co-hosting the tournament along with Sri Lanka and Bangladesh
LHS was co-founded by leukemia survivor Mike Peters of The Alarm
Chairman B.
Raju said no board member was aware of what he was doing
Iran marking the anniversary of the shah's overthrow with a series of events
Themba-Nyathi represented the splinter MDC faction led by Arthur Mutambara
They struggle at school, have higher rates of mental health issues,
North Ossetia and the rest of the Caucasus have been plagued with violence
Most who play know they have little chance of winning anything
"Men In Black 3" topped the box office with an estimated $55 million
"The Avengers" held strong in second place with $37 million
"Battleship" and "The Dictator" took up the next two spots on the chart
It said the highest levels measured were so-called beta radiation
Lady Antebellum leads in group nominations with five, the Eli Young Band has three
British TV channels could advertise abortion services under new proposals
Dr.
Do you know a hero?
The U.S.
The U.S.
The new building is intended to celebrate Monaco's coastline and nautical heritage
Most of the victims were working in an area where long wall cutting was taking place
Triclosan has been in consumer products for more than 30 years
CDC study found triclosan present in urine of 75% of people
The cheapest ticket for the match at London's Wembley Stadium will cost £60
Gen.
Rafael Nadal into quarterfinals of Barcelona Open
U.S.
Denizli, Turkey, is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from Iran
Brazile: In 50 years, we have moved closer to the realization of the true American dream
Texas Gov.
Do you know a hero?
481 of those killed were ISIS fighters, according to the Syrian Observatory
Legal experts said Port is not likely to win her case
Wheeler Peckham and William B.
Army Sgt.
British police investigating death of man who found unconscious at a soccer match
The April 2011 bombing killed 15 and wounded more than 200
Continuing to drive on underinflated tires can cause them to burst
Closing arguments are set for Wednesday
The crime was chronicled in Joseph Wambaugh's book, "The Onion Field"
A low-end, energy-efficient backup phone can come in handy during emergencies
Iraq has been asking Gulf states to waive debts from the Saddam Hussein era
"He actually danced.
Premier League crisis club Portsmouth have fourth change of ownership in six months
Sen.
News comes less than 24 hours after the club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri
Anxiety disorders cost the United States more than $42 billion a year
Ibrahim was the leader of the Justice and Equality Movement (JEM)
Fighting between Darfur rebels and the Sudanese army broke out days ago in North Kordofan
Frazier Glenn Cross is charged with capital murder and premeditated murder
Dr.
She was a member of the girl singing group G.R.L.
Robert G.
Moammar Gadhafi's regime imprisoned thousands of suspected pro-al Qaeda militants
Some players use a pinch runner once they make contact with the ball
Coroner has not yet ruled on what killed Haim, 38, who died last month
Red Cross says one of its employees killed in western Darfur
The company owns "American Idol"
Banks wrote an opinion piece for the Wall Street Journal
Jamsheed K.
The vibrant colors in his work are the result of extensive post production
Havel became one of the world's most famous dissidents in the 1970s
"Truth and love must triumph over lies and hatred," Havel insisted
Medecins Sans Frontieres has been banned from Rakhine State, Myanmar
U.S.
According to Nielsen data, 46% of the Super Bowl viewing audience is female
"He's no-nonsense.
Law enforcement is watching a small number of Americans for possible affiliation
Authorities are looking into whether the gunman, who was killed, had ties to such a group
Bids for the project have been submitted and will be put to the test
American health care system well-prepared for Ebola patients, experts say
Next March will see the NBA stage its first ever regular season games in London
It names four members to a review panel that will evaluate training programs
The panel will submit a report to FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt this fall
A U.S.
Nearly half of U.S.
She now has four of the octuplets at home, along with her six other children
Suleman instead will rely on nurses whom she is paying
Tyler argues that European airlines face "significant hurdles to sustained profitability"
U.N.
Since then, Nasser has volunteered to help other young brides
Nominate your Hero at CNN.com/Heroes
Rep.
Barker's recovery from the crash took longer and was more painful than was publicly known
Barker will be on the road in March and April with Wayne and Rick Ross
Teachers can ban exams from the site if they don't want students sharing
U.S.
U.S.
Sesame is trying to use that following to foster a culture of understanding
Several groups concerned law could be used to criminalize conservative speech
Amnesty will not apply to those suspected of shooting down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17
On average, 4,000 people die a year on Mumbai's railways
At peak hours more than 550 people cram into a carriage built for 200
Angry passengers riot a few times each year, rampaging through stations
CNN.com gets thousands of comments on its stories every day
Our audience makes valuable contributions to coverage by giving us a broader view
U.S. officials say they are taking advantage of what they call "precise intelligence"
The three have denied the charges
Rep.
Dr.
Flo Rida is known for the hits "Low" and "In the Ayer"
Ruthanne Lodato was shot to death when she answered a knock on her front door
Not showing the video at all, however, risks sanitizing the grim reality of the world
T.J.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il added his brother-in-law to a military board
Coalition forces tracked him down inside a building in the northern Iraqi city
U.S. military described Abu Qaswarah as a "charismatic" leader
GOP Sen.
Letterman tells audience he is the victim of an extortion attempt
"It's not on the San Andreas fault.
Retired Gen.
Police said no officers were patrolling the region at the time of the incident
Sen.
Three out of four transactions in the U.S.
Texas has more used vehicles than any other state
Gov.
Bob Dylan has signed a six-book deal with Simon & Schuster
Don't turn Valentine's Day into a Cry Day, a Moping Day or a Drinking Day
Helen Keller lost her sight and hearing to illness when she was 19 months old
Two bomb blasts killed at least 15 people and wounded 119 others in Hyderabad
Maryland Gov.
J.K.
Potter fans have been waiting for years for Rowling to revisit the magical world she created
Debris from Air France 447, which crashed last month, has arrived in France
Doctors Without Borders embark on vaccination campaign to combat outbreak
The intended Japanese mother decided she did not want the baby
T.J.
"We lose at least one great comic to suicide or ODs every year," tweeted comedian Michael Ian Black
U.S.
U.N.
Cameroon lost all three matches at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa
Clemente returns to management after short stint at relegated Real Valladolid
U.N.
U.S.
More than 10 states have reported seeing high numbers of severe infections
U.S.
Iran oil production has fallen to a 10-year low and could drop further
Serbian FA denies that there were any occurrences of racism
U.S.
Punjab police department has ordered tens of thousands of officers to shape up
Pakistan's police officers are often on the front line in fight against violent extremists
Dr.
Rep.
Colombian Gen.
Self-help guru James Ray was arrested Wednesday after a grand jury indictment
"We did a test with a capsule in a tube 12 meters long," engineer says
The Race Track Industry Program at the University of Arizona prepares students for a career in the horse racing industry
U.S.
U.S.
Jorge Lorenzo will miss the final race of the 2011 MotoGP season
U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev.
Young queen first appeared in a £1 note in 1960
Six people have been admitted to a local hospital with serious injuries
NEW: Clemons played on such classic hits as "Born to Run" and "Thunder Road"
World No.
Attorney: Roh committed suicide by leaping to his death from a hill
World No.
The average price for winning a Senate seat was nearly $10 million
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is calling for an ethics investigation
Russia's large military is in the midst of a much-needed modernization program
U.S.
Experts say Beijing's adoption of PM2.5 shows growing influence of public opinion
Organizers hope the team offers a safe haven for players who have suffered discrimination
The Magnolia State has the highest rate of overweight and obese children in the U.S.
Millions apply for 50,000 permanent visas issued a year
Taylor Farms recalls more than 5,000 pounds of broccoli salad kit products
The coroner's office is investigating the cause of Jackson's June 25 death
Says he was reacting to clashes between hardline Islamist Salafists and artists
Mexico bounce back from two successive defeats to beat Trinidad and Tobago
He was of three intellectuals criticized during "anti-bourgeois liberalization" campaign
Dutch champions AZ Alkmaar have confirmed Dick Advocaat as their new head coach
Barcelona sign a huge new shirt sponsorship deal with the non-profit Qatar Foundation
Children's charity UNICEF has sponsored the club's shirts in recent seasons
Rep.
380 games including World Cup and European Championship qualifiers deemed suspicious
425 match and club officials and criminals involved from 15 different countries
Rep.
He was able to walk from the pitch but collapsed again in the changing room
Wisconsin Gov.
Gov.
Sen.
He should be considered armed and dangerous, the FBI says
Cpl.
Clinton has said she has shown she can withstand conservative attacks
Protests commemorate December 2008 killing of 15-year-old
Rep.
The U.S.
Do you know a hero?
We don't know how much of "The Rum Diary" he composed in the late '50s
"I'm overwhelmed.
Catch up on some of the big news stories from the summer of 2007
Find out how some U.S. officials are preparing for Hurricane Dean
Learn about relief efforts in Peru following a deadly earthquake
Williams' often raunchy style has drawn comparisons to comedy legend Richard Pryor
About 30 opponents of the move protested Sunday outside the church during Mass
Lawal was awarded the USAfrica Business Person of the Year in 1997
The new season premieres on Bravo November 7
This year's crop of 21 contestants are drawn from some of the top local restaurants
U.S.
U.S.
The case that brought him to international prominence began in 2005
The shift comes after an airstrike last week in Logar province that killed 18 people
Obama and Netanyahu met Wednesday in Washington to discuss Israel's housing plans
The L.A.
Kenyan officials sent mediators into Somalia to negotiate her release
iReporters were on hand to capture this extraordinary astronomical moment
Onlookers gathered at vantage points on beaches, in boats and even hot air balloons
U.S. military identifies frozen remains as those of a World War II airman
Ernest G.
"I have seen children slaughtered.
New media have created a slew of investigative reporters among average citizens
U.S.
3-D gesture control on a laptop could offer more interactive, Kinect-style PC gaming
Xbox Kinect console itself is already in 18 million households the world over
U.S.
In February, President Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates overturned policy
Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia and are currently holding 11
Blythe had pledged "to serve my sentence like a man" if found guilty by the Czech courts
AC Milan keep up the pressure on Serie A table-toppers and city rivals Inter Milan
The Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago, made up of 4,000 tents and counting
Brittanee is believed to have last been seen Saturday evening
AC Milan go top of Serie A with 3-1 victory over Palermo in San Siro
Saudi Arabia is not yet accusing anyone over the attack
George W.
Techies will monitor the digital fan conversation via Facebook, Twitter and other platforms
The command center will utilize more than a mile of Ethernet cable
AAA Auto Club warns short-term savings could spiral into long-term expenses
"The Woman in Black," earned $21 million this weekend
"The Grey" dipped 52 percent to $9.5 million, giving it a ten-day total of $34.8 million
Clicking either button will open up a list of time-specific daily deals, based on location
Disney purchased the franchise from George Lucas
North Korea appears to have conducted third underground nuclear bomb test
U.S.
Food Safety and Inspection Service identifies stores in nine states
Evans confirmed the news exclusively to Star magazine
Evans also has a son, Jace, from a prior relationship
75 percent of U.S. adults are projected to be overweight or obese by 2015
Cheng and his group won a Grammy for best metal performance in 2001
It questions the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity
Second place went to "Taken," which added another $11.4 million to its tally
Police have interviewed as many as 80 people, but no arrests have been made
Chesley B.
The subcommittee is investigating what went wrong at his company
The attack occurs in downtown Conakry, the capital city of the West African nation
Authorities believe the attackers may have been soldiers
Troy Dale West Jr.
U.S.
BP and its contractors have been locked in legal battles since last year
"These guys, they don't get it," Rep.
She is currently ranked joint-second on the all-time undefeated list
South Korea's first female president Park Geun Hye will take office on Monday
You'd be able to see all around you, including behind yourself, and zooming in at will
NEW: Islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous and thus prohibited
Liu Han, 48, the former chairman of Hanlong Group, was executed along with his brother, Liu Wei, and three associates
Watch "Her Name Was Steven" at 8 and 11 p.m.
Bad Seeds peerless in switching from quiet to crashingly loud on songs like "Stagger Lee"
"The economy is at the bottom.
Abe, 58, is the nation's seventh prime minister in six years
Investigators say the cargo was partially responsible for the sinking
4,000 kamikaze pilots died and 34 U.S.
Three Napoli fans shot and one remains in critical condition
Prosecutors say the couple argued and he shot her in anger
Dr.
Sen.
Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis' election comedy "The Campaign" took second place
Hirscher increases his lead in the giant slalom standings to 60 points
Australia's Simon Gerrans retained yellow jersey
The Australian navy has destroyed nearly 353 kilograms (780 pounds) of heroin
A team from the aircraft carrier HMAS Melbourne boarded the smuggler ship Wednesday
"When we all reunited ...
"Do you understand what he did in this country?"
Gen.
Adm.
4G networks are currently underdeveloped, but carriers have been strongly marketing
AT&T's brand-new LTE network is only available in five urban markets
Verizon's LTE network is available to 110 of nation's estimated 307 million people
Justin Gatlin made it three wins from three races sinces his return to athletics
The former world No.
St.
Dr.
Protesters see race as publicity stunt by country's rulers to make nation seem more unified
Troy "Trombone Shorty" Andrews performs at the New Orleans Jazz Festival
"The Ambassador" is a damning movie on almost every level
Concept Korea is a collaborative show organized by the Ministry of Culture
The show concerns itself, among other things, with who "owns" paradise
Heavy Gmail users will be pleased to learn that there's a new search function
University libraries partnered with Google to get their book digitization efforts off the ground
He embarked on a project to paint all 114 suras (chapters)
U.S.
Police still do not know how Peterson traveled cross-country to New York City
The Temple Mount in Jerusalem is the holiest site in Judaism
Muslims know it as Haram al-Sharif, or the Noble Sanctuary
He is charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon
Recent Stories option will order News Feed items in reverse chronological order
In 2011, Iran twice announced plans to send ships toward the U.S. maritime borders
RapidShare technicians type words like "movies, free download" into search engines
Capt.
U.N.
Lisa Marie Nowak, 46, is accused of stalking Air Force Capt.
Actor Morgan Freeman served as master of ceremonies
Brown evicted because landlord defaulted on mortgage, house fell into foreclosure.
Northern Ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent months
U.S.
Iraqi forces detain the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network
The 30-year-old doctor in residency failed to show up for work on December 6
Sen.
The app costs $1.99 for the iPad and 99 cents for the iPhone and Android devices
Saturday marks the 25th anniversary of the first Macintosh computer
Marbury v.
U.S.
U.S.
David Beckham has revealed he is set to miss the entire MLS season
David Moyes says his slumping team is "desperate" to turn things around
U.S.
China's family planning law, which limits most married couples to only one child
His case is similar to that of John Demjanjuk, who died this year
Sakirin Mosque was commissioned by wealthy Turkish Arab family
Mo Martin wins the Women's British Open at Royal Birkdale
Edward P.
Rep.
Five other construction workers based in Elizabeth, New Jersey, will share the jackpot
The $38.5 million ticket amounted to $24 million after Lopes chose the cash option
They are expected to be awarded about $2 million each, after taxes and attorneys' fees
One woman died near Rome when her car was submerged by a wave of water
There are hundreds of underground tunnels in the vast Sinai Desert area
"We are certainly forthcoming and transparent about the fact that we missed a diagnosis"
David Buick invented the overhead valve engine, founded Buick Motor Car Co.
Toyota name came from the Toyoda loom works in Kariya, Japan
Keselowski then got into a wreck of his own after the race resumed
St.
The U.S.
No formal declaration of victory expected until President Mahinda Rajapaksa returns
An estimated 50,000 more patients are alive today that wouldn't be if hospitals kept making the same number of mistakes they did in 2010
The band has decided to push their creativity and musicality
The Joint shows run through February 19, but Lee hopes the band can take lessons from the residency
Dispersants are a common product used to clean and control oil spills in the ocean
He plans to escort his son back to California from Hawaii
LiquiGlide is made from edible, nontoxic materials that can be sprayed into food containers
Instagram will be adapting user photos and data into Web-based profiles
Each Web profile will feature a selection of recent shared photographs
U.N.
The U.N.
Brisbane, Australia, is one of the world's most livable cities, according to Monocle
Apps such as Instagram, Picplz and Path represent next generation of photo sharing
Sen.
The quake was almost 330 miles southwest of Panama City
U.S.
U.S.
Sen.
The U.N. report said the human cost of the conflict is escalating
Sgt.
The airline industry has fought efforts to require the barriers
The Final Four games will be played Saturday in Texas
They face up to 15 years in federal prison
"Game of Thrones" has been filmed in Northern Ireland since 2009
U.N.
Gov.
On a scale of 1 to 10 on the laugh meter, "Jack and Jill" is a negative 10
Jack is gritting his teeth over a holiday visit from his loudmouthed twin Jill
The plot is a stew of half-baked ideas that quickly turns rancid
"Balti" is Tunisia's best-known rapper
U.S.
Somali pirates hijacked the M/V Win Far on April 6
The trouble was due to excessive re-mirroring of its Elastic Block Storage volumes
The settlement is the largest civil penalty ever recovered under the Clean Water Act
Internet-connected TV is idea that's finally ripe for consumer adoption
The Weinstein Company has canceled Tuesday's Los Angeles premiere of "Django Unchained"
7-year-old was reported missing after mother was found dead Sunday night
Man, girl believed to be traveling in a white 1992 Toyota Paseo
The Malaysian was on the FBI most-wanted list for "providing material support to terrorists"
In the past, Philippine officials have made premature announcements about the deaths of fugitives
A third friend, Dias Kadyrbayev, pleaded guilty to conspiring to obstruct justice
"It's localized in my lung area," Zohn, 37, says.
Zohn hopes to undergo another stem-cell transplant
Nissan Motor Company announced the return of the Datsun brand after 30 years
The soundtrack to the film is for those hardcore fans
The emotional high point may be "Crown of Thorns," from a gig in 2000
"I don't even really go to the mall anymore," he says
Smoking rates in the U.S. have dropped dramatically over the past several decades
The decline in heavy smoking appears to be linked to a decline in lung cancer
Chinese and Thai dishes typically contain enough food for two or three people
Seven U.S. service members and three U.S.
Meng Weina set up first private special needs school in China
To this day, the event and the images continue to shape international perceptions of the country
The announcement comes less than a year after Iranian nuclear facilities were targeted
The group got its start two years ago when Dave Stewart called Jagger from Jamaica
"Revolution" has helped NBC win November sweeps for the first time in nine years
A news conference is scheduled for 1 p.m.
The CiU is raising the debate on sovereignty at a time of public frustration over taxes in Catalonia
Reynolds says she was shown photographs of what appeared to be her daughter's blood
Carrington has toured with some of the greatest names in jazz
U.S.
Jackson's burial has been delayed by division among Jackson family members
Sen.
Sen.
The egg industry has been a frequent target of animal rights groups
The queen is on a historic visit to the Republic of Ireland
The gunman appears to have died from a self-inflicted wound, the sources add
An assistant to Besigye says the opposition leader is in serious condition
Retired Col.
Prejean, in exchange, withdrew suit accusing pageant of violating her privacy
Vatican had said that gays and lesbians have "gifts to offer" the Christian community
Eric LeGrand has no movement below his neck
Doctors performed emergency surgery overnight Saturday
The metals are not thought to pose an environmental risk
The Liberian-flagged vessel struck the reef in October and has split in two
Localytics claims that Android fragmentation might be becoming less of a issue
Screen size and resolution are also key variables for creating Android apps
"I would like to publicly apologize to Beck.
Bruno Mars got more than an apology
Gov.
During a bitter election campaign, government officials accused him of wanting to return Georgia to Russia's sphere of influence
Republicans and Democrats raised concerns with the Obama administration
When revolution began, groups joined forces and led many of the Cairo protests
Al-Shabaab said the quarry attack was retaliation for mosque raids
Last month, the Islamist militants ambushed a bus and killed 28
Justice Department and Seattle announced a settlement Friday
Iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold
943 people in 40 states, the District of Columbia, Canada have become ill
Sen.
U.S.
Relief organizations are calling on the international community to join together to end the crisis
"There are still hostages, and there are still terrorists," a senior U.S. official says
Evidence shows it was painted at the same time and in the same studio as the original
"Halo: Reach" has a raft of endlessly entertaining online multiplayer modes
U.N.
Head reported a 13.1% decline in sportswear sales in the first quarter of 2013
More than 8,000 people have been killed, including many women and children
Rapper Lil Wayne was detained by U.S.
R.E.M.
The jacket is the brainchild of Zane Lamprey
STDs cost the U.S. health care system as much as $15.3 billion annually
Mexico beat France 2-0 in their Group A clash in Polakwane
U.S.
The 58-year-old was named to the court in 2009 after 17 years as a federal judge
Small cars continue to be hot among buyers looking for fuel economy
Honda Civic is one of the most reliable and popular economy compact cars
Sentra front-wheel drive 4-door sedan is practical, roomy and economical
Democratic Sen.
"You grow up around a business, you learn the ropes early," CNN contributor says
President Obama has said he is in favor of changing the relationship with Cuba
"We have to build a world with more partners and fewer adversaries," Clinton says
The employee has been suspended with pay as the investigation continues
Ethnic Uyghur residents in Urumqi, capital of Xinjiang region, take to the streets
The most compelling reason for a week in the canyon is to visit both rims
Fans have been waiting for the next creation in the "BioShock" universe since 2010
Dr.
Capt.
Sen.
Lindsay Lohan guest-hosted "Chelsea Lately"
One of the most notorious episodes of El Salvador's 12-year civil war
Last year, 2,888 people were charged with having sex with children under 15 in Thailand
Police Lt.
U.N.
U.N.
Capt.
Each location will receive 42 metric tons of rice each for next two weeks
Dr.
While the testing isn't foolproof, it lowers the risk of getting infected
HIV is a particularly tricky test, since it may provide a false negative
Often a simple urine test is all that is necessary
The lethal Ebola virus left at least 14 people dead in western Uganda this month
The cases have emerged in Kibaale, a district in midwestern Uganda
The Ebola virus is considered a highly infectious disease spread through direct contact
He climbs out onto a hotel ledge and creates a suicide spectacle/diversion
The filmmakers have tried to stuff the plots of too many different movies
At least 12 unconfirmed instances of dengue hemorrhagic fever reported in Bolivia
His 2010 debut, "For Your Entertainment," was a typical "Idol" quickie
"Trespassing" delivers, with a mix of tinsel disco-club sleaze and leather-boy love ballads
Daily cup may lower risk of dying from chronic diseases such as diabetes
In the study, both regular and decaf were associated with a lower risk of dying
Do you know a hero?
Apple CEO Tim Cook had to apologize for new Maps app on iPhone 5 and iOS 6
The Occupy London group then filed an appeal
Hong Kong is culturally and politically distinct from other Chinese cities
Breakups spike right after Cupid's big day, according to unofficial Facebook data
An orange tip indicating the gun was not a real firearm had been removed, police said
Iran conducting a trial of about 100 Iranian defendants in its Revolutionary Court
German rose to fourth in world on Monday after winning his third successive tournament
Westwood failed to achieve the second-place finish which would have ended Woods' 279-week reign
There's nothing better than getting to know a place by hanging out with locals
200 U.S.
Russia's Defense Ministry says there was no violation of flight regulations
U.S.
France was a founding member of NATO but left in 1966
Edward Myers was home with his two sons and then-girlfriend Laure Halliwell's 7-year-old son
A 2,700 year-old silver chalice may be a new token of friendship between the United States and Iran
U.S.
64 patients ranged in age from 5 months to 71 years
There have been reports of crackdowns on other Iranian universities
According to Nielsen, the average total audience was 20.9 million
Almost 45,000 attacks on Defense computers reported in the first half of 2009
Papandreou is asking U.S. and other leaders to restrict use of credit default swaps
Ethiopian peacekeeping force completed two-year deployment in Somalia
U.S.
U.S.
AT&T has been developing Buzz.com for more than a year and a half
U.S.
Queen Elizabeth has dealt with 11 prime ministers including Winston Churchill
Democratic Sen.
University of Kentucky settles case over release of safety data
Seven other men have been arrested on charges of supporting terrorism
Home Office named only 16 of those on the list
There is growing concern that Somalia could be the next base for al Qaeda
Maj.
"If I want one day to put an end to this hell of the past eight years, it has to go to court," said Banon
Capping off the night was the eleven-hour concert's biggest surprise: Steven Tyler
The outbreak has been traced to pomegranate seeds from Turkey
"I call on President Abbas: Tear up your pact with Hamas," Netanyahu says
Nostalgia comes from the Greek word for homecoming (nostos) and pain (algos)
Nostalgic products fill a need to belong and feel socially connected
Liquid water is a key ingredient for life to form
Germany's reputation for legendary Christmas markets is well deserved
Sen.
Sen.
Chinese rocket carrying satellite lifts off from Xichang Satellite Launch Center
Venezuela spent $241 million in five years to develop the Simon Bolivar Satellite
World No.
Klein Constantia has always been one of Norgaard's favorite vineyards
But Corless now believes she knows where the children may be buried
County administrator Brenda T.
Tastebuds.fm allows you to easily port over your musical interests
For about $15 a pop, Tawkify matches potential soulmates based on their Klout scores
U.S.
Kermit Gosnell, 72, was convicted Monday on three counts of first-degree murder
McCain launched an ad attacking Obama for his 30-minute special
Huerta's capture the third major arrest announced in past week
About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers move into epicenter of Taliban activity
Sen.
Sen.
Barcelona will play Real Madrid in the semifinal of the Copa del Rey
"This is the most beautiful office that anyone could have"
"The God that I love will love me and love my children no matter what"
"Didn't he say he was after change?"
The reporters are aged 18-25 and come from a range of different circumstances
The auction process isn't as easy as it looks, Guevares says
U.S.
"The Big Fun Sexy Sex Book" is a guide to rejuvenating your sex life
U.N.
Kevin Grosskreutz scores twice with Mario Goetze grabbing the other
Songza doesn't impose any limitations on how much music you can listen to
Bahrain is chain of small islands off eastern shore of Arabian Peninsula
Foreigners make up a fourth of Switzerland's workforce and 20% of its population
Manny Pacquiao has put failed talks of his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr behind him as he turns his focus to a bout with Joshua Clottey.
He was also the first African-American to direct a major Hollywood picture
Denmark has a large immigrant population from the Muslim world
Conservationists have found a new population of orangutans in Indonesia
U.S.
Gen.
Manchester United return to top of English Premier League with 5-0 crushing of Portsmouth
Attorney General Eric Holder is a critic of the death penalty, but he authorized seeking capital punishment in this case
St.
Zynga's hit Facebook game "FarmVille" is arguably the most widely played online game
EU force will take over the role of escorting U.N.
Hong Kong has vast areas of natural beauty in its many country parks
Beginning February 2, the Dell Streak 7 tablet will be available for $200
Streak 7 will be able to connect to T-Mobile's HSPA+ 4G network
Justin Chavarria, 21, of Eugene, Oregon, defeated two other players in a tournament
Ethiopian peacekeeping force completed two-year deployment in Somalia
Investigators linked his DNA to ties used to bind St.
He said the United States used September 11 attacks as justification to attack Iraq
U.S.
Pvt.
People's Mujahedin Organization of Iran have lived at camp for 24 years
Top-seeded Maria Sharapova was a shock casualty at the French Open
U.S.
Not recycling enough was the number one response in 9 out of 15 countries surveyed
PKK, Kurdistan Workers' Party, said it sustained no casualties in the operation
The central Iraqi government has labeled the PKK a terrorist organization
Burton dedicates unwarranted time to the Collins' dull fortunes in the fish canning business
National Air Cargo "will not speculate as to the cause of the accident"
In 2007, drug manufacturers voluntarily pulled infant cough-and-cold medicines from stores
At least 47 people were arrested after the clashes, officials said
U.S.
Jennifer Lopez made a stunning entrance in a curve-hugging Zuhair Murad gown
The official ballot count began Wednesday
Kathleen Sebelius apologized for "miserably frustrating" problems
Democratic Sen.
China has recalled two tainted leukemia drugs causing "adverse reactions"
Hawkins' shirt read "Justice for Tamir Rice and John Crawford III"
Scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets
Opener Shane Watson hammers a world record 15 sixes in a one-day innings
Sen.
Palmer vows Titanic II will be the safest cruise ship in the world when it sets sail
Keep an eye on Ole Einar Bjoerndalen, the Michael Phelps of the Winter Games
The U.S.
Tina Weirather of Liechtenstein hopes to follow in her mother's ski tracks
InterContinental has iPod Nanos and Nintendo Wiis for sale at its online mall
The regulations have been challenged by an Italian football agent
U.S.
U.S.
Rep.
"Lack of health coverage has been a big problem for me.
Democrats by a 2-to-1 margin have an unfavorable view of Tea Party movement
Total European football market grew to a record $28.65 billion
Got a great Derby hat photo?
Joseph Harvey, 51, and Anja Kannell, 41, appear in federal court
Kepler-69c seems less clearly in the habitable zone than the other two planets
Wade himself has even gotten in on the act, recording a video plea on SaveSteveHolt.com
Joseph and Jane Clementi had filed court documents reserving the right to sue
Announcement delivered just one day ahead of the iPod's ninth anniversary
U.N.
Michelle Trachtenberg brought Tim Burton's "Blue Girl With Wine" artwork to life
Casablanca bombings in 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers
An official declined to say when the visit will happen
U.S.
U.S.
India rack up a massive first-innings lead of 347 runs over South Africa in Kolkata
V.V.S.
James Kuehne, a 31-year-old Brooklyn resident, pleaded not guilty
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows
U.S.
A huge roar went up as the French squad fronted up to the All Blacks' haka
The soldiers on duty - bristling with machine guns - were glued to the action
Duck boats are used for tours on land or water
A Santa Barbara County jail employee said Connors was booked and released
Florida Republican Gov.
Ferrer bidding to become first Spaniard to win Miami Masters
U.S.
JRC said one of its units attacked and "exploded" the Tura manifold
Acting President Goodluck Jonathan was approved for the role Tuesday
Haiti's crumpled infrastructure chief obstacle to fresh supplies as well as food and water
Nigeria's president Goodluck Jonathan has suspended the national soccer team
Christopher Johns filmed the scene from his apartment window
Oil prices spiked to their highest levels since 2008
The first rule of Barcelona is that you don't stay on Las Ramblas
Gen.
These 10 buildings around the world are guaranteed to send a shiver down your spine
A week before they start, Meat Loaf will return to perform under the same series
International Criminal Court acquits Congolese man accused of war crimes
V.
The PlayStation 4 retails for $399; the Xbox One retails for $499
1.
2.
3.
Justine Henin booked her place in the third round of the Australian Open after she claimed a 7-5 7-6 (8-6) victory over fifth seed Elena Dementieva.
Take a drive back in time as another American icon's wheels come off
Plug into the reasons why President Obama has cybersecurity concerns
Step onto the campus of a school that's a model of sustainability
Bell, 17, was freed after adult conviction for beating a classmate was overturned
CNN investigating what appears to be a widespread black market in human organs
Swedish influences are being felt in America in major U.S cities such as Los Angeles
Today, the names to know are Robyn, Lykke Li and Swedish House Mafia
Norway did not explain how it had learned of the alleged confiscation
The medal and the diploma have been removed from Dr.
Show is still a consistent winner in the 8 p.m.
Paul the octopus selects Spain to beat Netherlands in World Cup final
ABC's country music drama delivered 9 million viewers
The CW's new action-drama "Arrow" set a record for the network
Maj.
Air France Airbus A330-200 encountered heavy turbulence
Palestinians responded by signing on to join 15 international bodies
Morsi leads the Freedom and Justice Party, political wing of Muslim Brotherhood
The U.S.
The U.S.
GOP Rep.
Mutu had earlier given Romania the lead only for Christian Panucci to equalize
They interrupted her with comments urging her to get married
The app also pulls in details of the day ahead from your Google Calendar or Exchange calendar
Watch Venus Williams on Revealed this week at the times below
Invalidating gun restrictions and same-sex marriage bans rest on the same principle
Rand Paul kicks off a three-day swing Monday across the first-in-the-nation caucus state
Dr.
"We were deeply in love and couldn't be happier," he said
Owens' quadruple triumph was a huge embarrassment to the hosts
Eight people -- two suspected Taliban militants and six civilians -- killed
Kerry's Asia trip will include visits to China and Japan
It was not immediately clear whether there was one shooter or more
Dr.
Symptoms of swine flu in humans are expected to resemble human influenza
The arrests took place across various sites in Oregon and Washington
The 12-inch 3D TV goes on sale in Japan at the end of this year for $1,500
Homeland Security asks employees to step up to train as air marshals
In 2008, fewer than 1 percent of daily commercial flights carried air marshals
Arrest warrants for more than 120 former soldiers and agents issued Tuesday
More Japanese factories and businesses in China shuttered Tuesday over island dispute
People who scored higher on narcissism test spent more time on Facebook
Male narcissists were more self-promotional in their "About Me" descriptions
Female users with narcissistic tendencies tended to use images in their self-promotion
Pakistani court confines former president Pervez Musharraf to his home
U.S.
Texas Sen.
He was named the World Boxing Hall of Fame fighter of the year in 2002
U.S.
A supporter of Fidel Castro's government, Benedetti left Uruguay to live in exile
Red Bull clear the air after collision between Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel
Senior government officials warn that the participants will not be allowed into South Waziristan.
This is the third year in a row he's been spotted
"I don't want war.
U.S.
Maxine Powell was one of Motown's first personal development coaches
"I am afraid that I am going to end up like him, the way he did," Jackson told Elvis's daughter
U.S.
LaWS is essentially a laser upgrade to the MK 15 Close In Weapon System
Sen.
Sen.
Capt.
Dr.
Some people carry genes that make them more prone to depression
When people feel emotionally depressed they tend to lose interest in the world around them
For the 12 months to June, Alberto Culver made revenues of $1.6bn (£1.1bn).
Alberto Culver group employs 2,700 people and has operations in nine countries.
Rep.
Wisconsin Rep.
The original coroner's report concluded it was a "death by misadventure"
China's smog-ridden capital issued an unprecedented set of new anti-pollution measures
Beijing published a draft of the new rules on its website on Saturday and asked for public feedback
Earlier this month, an episode of extraordinarily bad pollution in Beijing sparked public outcry
The airplane will launch from the Virgin Galactic spaceport in New Mexico
The main contractor warned of a number of open risks and issues for HealthCare.gov
Residents threw rocks and fired shots
Texas is battling its worst fire season in state history
"At this moment I am at peace and filled with joy and gratitude," she writes
International Committee of the Red Cross demands access to Gaza
Pakistani teenage boy died while tackling a suicide bomber
"There's still shooting going on.
Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke reported hostage said he was in good health
Sharmarke said they were kidnapped by militant group Hizbul Islam
The two advisers had apparently told the hotel they were journalists
U.S.
Basque Nationalist Party seeks self-determination for the 2.1 million Basques
U.S.
10 percent to 25 percent of the U.S. population experiences the phobia of flying
Pro-Russian protesters are calling for independence in eastern Ukrainian cities
Dr.
Sony lost a record $5.7 billion in the fiscal year ending in March
Rev.
U.S.
Mr.
Sen.
To become a Pakistani fighter pilot takes three years of training
A power outage knocked out cable in parts of Connecticut
Marquise Braham, 18, jumped to his death from the roof of a Marriott hotel on Long Island
Lt.
Nigerian politician tried to smuggle almost five pounds of cocaine in his stomach
The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to overturn the ban
"Still enjoying my life.
Manchester United sign sponsorship deal with American insurance giants Aon
That would send United to the top of football's sponsorship income league
New Zealand maxi Alfa Romeo eased to victory in the 65th annual Sydney to Hobart ocean yacht race.
Skippered by Neville Crichton, Alfa Romeo crossed the finish of the 628-mile race ahead of Australian maxi Wild Oats XI.
A second portion of the law applies to accounting requirements
"There does seem to be a basis for a U.S.
He was sentenced to life in prison on June 2
Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months
Hernandez has scored four goals in four games for the Mexico national team
U.S.
The U.S.
UNICEF estimates thousands of families in Gaza have seen their homes damaged
District Judge G.
Rory McIlroy confirmed as winner of Race to Dubai
Four gunmen attack Indian consulate in Afghanistan's Herat province
Assembly tasked with rewriting the constitution, deciding future political system
Rep.
Rep.
A St.
The Justice Department will collect data about police stops, searches and arrests
Ohio Gov.
Broom's execution was initially scheduled for 10 a.m.
"This is a happy day," said SpaceX founder and CEO Elon Musk
The cargo mission will also deliver a set of high-tech legs for Robonaut 2.
It's unclear whether there was anyone else at the home
Bolt was making his first appearance this year after a hamstring injury
The Ebola virus is considered a highly infectious disease spread through direct contact
E-commerce in China is dominated by Alibaba but is closely followed by JD.com
U.S.
St.
Dr.
The YouTube and Carnegie Hall generations collided Wednesday in New York City
So, how do you get to Carnegie Hall?
A state funeral will be held December 15
Targets included rebel barracks, caves, ammunition depots and anti-aircraft position
Two-shot swing on final hole of final women's major of the season
"Jeopardy!"
On Tuesday, an Afghan soldier killed a U.S.
Adnan G.
He was killed in a raid in South Waziristan on Saturday
Rewards for Justice program offered $5 million for information leading to capture
Google has quietly launched its a quarterly publication
Sonia Peres preferred to remain out of the public eye
The couple has lived separately since Shimon Peres was elected president
U.S.
Paul Lawrie returns Ryder Cup to next host venue of Gleneagles
Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers contract expired June 30
The two tied the knot in a well-planned December 8 drive-through wedding in Las Vegas
The average American consumer spends $1,700 a year on apparel
Stanley: As a rule, Biden does better in front of loud, sympathetic audiences
Sen.
U.S.
The A350 is designed to go head-to-head with rival Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and 777s
The Spanish, like the Italians, happily answer calls in restaurants, during business meetings
Court in Palma de Mallorca throws out a charge of money laundering
Rev.
The animal was first reported just before 6 a.m. in downtown Santa Monica
Mountain lion spottings are common in Southern California this time of year
Biden's willingness to mix it up comes from his working-class upbringing
A cruise ship avoided a possible pirate attack in the Indian Ocean
At least 28 vessels and 654 hostages are currently being held by pirates
$15,873,767,378,850.16 - Total outstanding public debt on July 30, 2012
12 - Consecutive U.S.
U.S.
Rep.
The case stems from an October 2009 ceremony in Sedona
Basically, the movie is a fizzless Bourne episode crossed with "Training Day,"
Banksy started out as a graffiti artist in western England but his work now sells for millions
Gov.
Critics say the project would affect the area's ecosystem and would leave cattle without access to water
New York fire and police department units located and towed Valastro's boat to safety
At one point, Valastro said, a bigger vessel about 30 feet away was headed straight for his boat
72 bodies found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside Rifles' compound
Fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers
World No.
World No.
Former lab technician Raymond Clark III pleaded guilty to murder and attempted sexual assault
Obama campaigned against what he called Bush's "failed policies"
President Raul Castro has said as much in numerous speeches
Ireland top Pool C ahead of second-placed Australia, and now play Wales
Summer is the deadliest season for lightning because of the frequency of storms
The amount of caffeine in most energy drinks is comparable to that in 1 to 2 cups of coffee
Energy drinks generated about $5 billion in U.S. sales in 2008
Workers exposed to spilled oil may be at long-term risk for breathing trouble
Buzz around "Monsters vs.
Rep.
"D.C.
President Barack Obama honors 24 veterans with the Medal of Honor
U.S.
Linda Carty made public plea to British citizens, asking them to intervene
State corrections officials can now proceed with setting an execution date
Do you know a hero?
East of Port-au-Prince, makeshift camps have been erected in public squares
Sotheby's to auction one of the earliest versions of the Magna Carta
The delivery man accidentally dialed the customer and left the message
Darryl F.
Former Sgt.
Capt.
It's same airport from which Pan Am Flight 281 took off more than 40 years ago
Rolls-Royce: The incident will cause full year profit growth to be lower
U.S.
Mines: "I always go above and beyond, because that's my job."
He is survived by his wife, son and four grandchildren
"Dying for Daylight" features an original tale starring a fashion-forward vampire
In 2002, a bombing at two night clubs on the island of Bali killed 202 people
The Audience Award winners from the fest will be announced Saturday
About 2.5 million deaths worldwide are attributable to alcohol use
The actress has appeared in various films, including "The A-Team"
K.J.
It's believed that she had access to water in the bathroom of her house.
A third of the houses on Britain's second most expensive street are lying vacant
Dubbed "Billionaires' Row," the road's average house costs over £6 million
CNN not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count
"First reaction is to find the person who did this and do unrelenting harm to them"
Catholic constable Stephen Carroll, 48, was shot dead in 2009
The current round of the Russia-Chechnya conflict dates back nearly 20 years
U.S.
Los Zetas blamed for last week's brutal killings of police chief and family
Syria maintained tens of thousands of troops in Lebanon from 1970s until 2005
To gain her black belt, Varsha had to learn up to 15 katas
Varsha trains for at least two hours every day but has time for other games
Alaska asked U.S.
U.S.
Rep.
The action will only have temporary effect, until more appeals can be filed
"Real Steel" won the weekend with an estimated $27.3 million
The U.N.
U.N.
32,000-tonne Malaspina Castle was taken early on Monday
The protest is in response to the Stop Online Piracy Act legislation
Since January 1, at least 110 measles cases reported in 16 states and D.C.
John F.
Sen.
Just before 5 p.m.
Each winner gets two tickets, bringing the number awarded in the lottery to 17,500
The odds of winning the tickets were long -- just one of every 182 were chosen
Sheriff's deputies had two contingency plans
Former NHL All-Star Gary Leema is one of the 10 players taking the action
Tim Allen is looking to stage a return to prime time -- as long as it involves the right project
There are certain veteran TV actors who will always trigger a flurry of excitement
Former U.S.
80% of diabetes can be prevented by increasing physical activity, healthy eating and avoiding tobacco.
Twenty percent of India's people have one chronic disease, and 10% more than one.
The taller tires will affect the aerodynamic flow, weight and suspension of the cars
About one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has HIV
Brazil has made a dramatic reduction in the rate of deforestation
Many Zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting local currency
Sen.
Sandra Bullock won Best Actress for playing Leigh Anne Tuohy
Sean Penn won the Academy Award for for playing Harvey Milk
Maj.
Spc.
"Potter" co-star Daniel Radcliffe recently returned to Broadway
Brunei has become the first East Asian country to adopt sharia law
Spc.
South Korea and the United States regularly hold military drills
The most recent talks between North Korea and the United States ended with little progress
Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died
Barbra Streisand sang a memorable duet with Garland in one episode
The federal government has shut down for the first time since 1996
"It feels great -- just listening to and hearing his voice," she says
Apple's also considering making its MobileMe online storage service free
Sen.
Kenya's finance minister resigns after being named in a corruption scandal
Amos Kimunya embroiled in sale of government-owned Grand Regency Hotel
Original group formed in 1954 with the three eldest brothers Isley
The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia have waged a civil war for five decades
Gillard expected to secure major currency conversion deal with China
Currently, Chinese and Australian companies must use U.S. dollar as intermediary for trade
The ash cloud that hit a village was 450-600 degrees Celsius
Real Madrid beat third division Ponferradina in the Spanish Cup
30-minute recorded message broadcast on al-Raei Iraqi satellite television
CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice
U.S. says he has helped finance the insurgency against U.S. troops in Iraq
Tajiks and other minorities will never now accept a government dominated by majority Pashtuns
A judge throws out as evidence text messages sent by the homicide victim
Services mark 91st anniversary of armistice signed between Germany and Allies on November 11, 1918
The 50-year-old Spaniard will replace Jose Mourinho, who quit to join Real Madrid
"Lucy" is a career high for Scarlett Johansson as lead
"Hercules" took second place with an estimated $29 million
Gen.
U.S.
Trooper Daniel Martin shown pulling over a Creek Nation ambulance
The U.S. has pledged to provide weapons and military training to moderate opposition forces
More than 200 people have died trying to scale Everest
Rep.
Keke Palmer plays Chilli, Lil' Mama portrays Left Eye and Drew Sidora is T-Boz
Evander Holyfield failed in bid to become oldest heavyweight champion
Lost on points to giant Russian Nikolai Valuev in Zurich, Switzerland
Dr.
Gen.
Militants in Iraq, Syria are seeking to create an Islamic caliphate
The prosecutor decided to drop the domestic violence case against the singing couple
The failure of a Rolls-Royce engine in early November resulted in an emergency landing
The issue of violent crimes, especially rapes, by U.S. troops in Japan has divided the nations
Turkish troops launched long-range missiles at PKK positions after air attack
The Bosnian town of Srebrenica was overrun by Serb forces in 1995
The killings were carried out by ultra-nationalist forces bent on carving up Bosnia
A U.S.
A U.S.
Nearly one in five American women ends her childbearing years without having a child
Anontune is designed to pull songs from third-party sources for users
Bhatkal is believed to be a co-founder of the Indian Mujahideen, a banned militant group
U.S.
Greek journalist told CNN that Labor Day protests in Athens were relatively muted this year
Istanbul on citywide shut down.
U.S.
He's spent much of the last two years touring the U.K. to educate about dyslexia
U.S.
The U.S.
"Uprising: Hip Hop and the L.A.
Borussia Dortmund make it five straight wins with a topsy-turvy 3-2 Bundesliga victory at Cologne
U.N.
Houthis have presented Yemeni government with peace agreement, foreign minister says
No cases of meningitis or other life-threatening infections have been reported
He fired a fatal shotgun blast into the face of Renisha McBride, 19,
$50 billion war spending bill passed the House but stalled last week in the Senate
Bush called on Congress to approve funds "without strings and without delay"
Dr.
Gary Cohen leads the agency that that made many of the rules for the Affordable Care Act
Ben Ali is facing a tribunal in absentia for his alleged role in the killing of protesters
In a statement released by his lawyer last June he said he was a victim of "injustice"
Ben Ali trained as a soldier and became head of the defense ministry's intelligence section
Bus carrying Marine Corps Reserve unit overturned at Alabama military base
Some of the $85 million in supplies will be given to state nonprofit agencies
CNN investigation revealed FEMA gave away supplies as government surplus
Giffords is undergoing rehabilitation at a medical facility in Houston
French Internet users downloading files illegally could have their service cut off
In a third attack, a suicide bomber detonated his vest at the gate of a police headquarters
The hearing was an exercise in the tricky personal and political barbs that now litter the Senate
Five-time U.S.
Gen.
Coca Cola and Pepsi are biggest spenders in the region
The last of the airport's 13 airlines -- Cape Air -- will resume flights on Tuesday
It was not immediately clear who carried out the attack
In Baghdad's Sadr City, roadside bomb killed three people Thursday morning.
Bomb attacks near other religious shrines in Iraq have happened several times
Fierce fighting occurred near the shrines in August 2007 between Shiite rivals
Audubon Society making Center for Birds of Prey available for bird cleansing and rehabilitation
Deep Water Horizon response team looking for help in identifying affected animals
U.S.
U.S.
Sens.
Liverpool director Tom Hicks Jr has resigned from his position with the club and parent company Kop Holdings
Insect allergies may be harder to control than food allergies
In rare cases, even mosquito bites can lead to anaphylaxis
Arizona Gov.
His case sank U.S.-Cuba relations to a new low
Mali and Ghana are through to the semifinals of the Africa Cup of Nations
Gen.
The plane, which was detained Saturday, had five people onboard -- four from Kazakhstan and one from Belarus
Thai government officials acted after working with several intelligence agencies for several weeks
The DEA has stepped up its attempts to target those who sell these drugs
The agreement includes plans for a fund to help developing nations
His lethal injection was stopped because of problems in administering the drugs
The fire was quickly put out, and no one was hurt, Disney said
The suspect was on drugs to make him stronger and more awake during the attacks, Lippestad says.
Police say they will announce Tuesday when they will publish the list of names of the victims.
Police continue to search Utoya island and the surrounding waters for four or five missing people, and the island itself for clues.
Mark Hughes early favorite to succeed Warnock
St.
"Cougar Town" kicked off the winter Television Critics Association press tour
Co-creator expressed more appreciation for TBS rescuing the show
350 U.S.
Eric K.
Russia, Brazil, China and South Africa have more women in professional, technical positions
Hugh Masekela, Freshlyground and Soweto Gospel Choir among those added to concert
Dr.
Dr.
Lower Manhattan is one of the most under-appreciated parts of New York City
Al-Shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the United States
Epidemic aggravated by erratic water supplies, broken water and sewer pipes
More than 18,000 videogame makers gathered at the Game Developers Convention
Another bad reaction to medication prompted Winehouse to enter hospital in July
Grammy-winning Winehouse has suffered a string of health problems
Story follows a mystery and thriller writer who gets stranded
Clinton became the first U.S.
If found guilty, she could face up to 10 years in prison and a $5,000 fine
Jiamei Tian, 58, has been charged with felony destruction of property
"We will deal with the farm bill after the election," said Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio
"Get ready for Anderson Cooper -- 360!"
The heavy-water reactor could be used as a source of plutonium
John Kerry will not use the term war to describe Washington's impending military action
U.S.
U.S.
So which is it: Illicit torture or an acceptable interrogation practice?
Crisis operation rooms have been set up at airports in Islamabad and Karachi
The American Music Awards will air on November 23
Indian authorities file complaint against Continental for frisking former president
Former president APJ Abdul Kalam was exempt from body checks, officials say
The case stems from the death of Pvt.
"They're painting their lives.
If a majority sign, company would have 90 days to negotiate
They moved into a large settlement of improvised homes, near Dohuk
Apple's keynote begins Monday at 1 p.m.
Unclear when senior members of royal family, including the queen, were told
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
Retired Gen.
Dr.
Last month the militant group declared an "all-out war" on the government
The Aztecs ruled an empire stretching from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean
President Xi Jinping's new administration has been targeting corrupt officials
Air passengers with arrival and departure flights scheduled during the curfew are permitted to travel
Sen.
Margaret Pellegrini played the flowerpot Munchkin and one of the sleepy head kids
Hart notched an unexpected victory at the box office
Facebook is partnering with top music services Spotify, MOG and Rdio
Free music services have been among the fastest-growing on the web
The two countries agreed to meet Monday to defuse tensions
The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962
U.S.
One of Iran's biggest soccer stars has been kicked off his team for refusing to fast
Hamilton was given a 10-place grid penalty for the French Grand Prix
Jirgas originated as a way of resolving differences between different Pashtun tribes
Chikungunya is primarily found in Africa, East Asia and the Caribbean islands
Gov.
Friends grimace at description prosecutors painted of Knox as resentful American
Maria Sharapova claims the Toray Pan Pacific Open title in Tokyo
Bishop Jim Moriarty was not directly criticized in the Murphy Report
"Welcome!
Democrats issued their first party platform at their 1840 convention in Baltimore
"Uncontacted tribes" are thought to have had no contact with outsiders
1,000 people showed up to counter a planned a right-wing demonstration
In the town of Becharre, the local specialty is fresh minced lamb rolled up with bulgur wheat to form giant meatballs
In Tripoli, the iconic pastry shop Abdel Rahman Hallab specializes in regional pastries
Sen.
U.S.
Some passengers reported hearing a bang before the ship sank
Most people with ALS die from respiratory failure within three to five years of first symptoms
The deadline for customers to ask for a refund ended in April
G.
About 34,000 new U.S.
When found early, oral cancer patients have an 80 to 90 percent survival rate
About five years ago, Atari got away from developing to focus on publishing
World No.
Belfast International, Dublin, Donegal, Sligo and Ireland West (Knock) airports set to close
San Francisco Conservatory of Flowers is an under-appreciated romantic gem
"We don't have medicines.
The message was sent out in multiple languages, including Arabic
News editor of Zambian newspaper on trial for circulating obscene material
The government spent four years and millions of dollars in the investigation
A French family kidnapped in northern Cameroon earlier this year has been released
The seven members of the family were handed over to government officials unharmed
PSV top the standings ahead of defending champions FC Twente
Saudi officials have been reluctant to comment
"Shrewbot" aims to test whether artificial whiskers could help a robot navigate
Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, Bahrain and Jordan joined in the attack on ISIS targets
Violence broke out in Darfur, a region of Sudan, in 2003
"This is a mutual parting and we wish Alec all the best," MSNBC says
U.N.
Real Madrid beat 10-man Manchester United 2-1
In his first speech as party leader, Noda calls for unity
Tokyo Electric Power Co.
U.S.
The four men had worked for Hartford Distributors for around 30 years
Connecticut Gov.
Michael D.
He is to be Ireland's ninth head of state
The fire began Monday afternoon
1 in 8 people who are 65 and older have Alzheimer's disease
Do you know a hero?
Sen.
Sen.
N.C.
U.S.
Gov.
Prostate cancer screenings include a blood test and a digital rectal examination
Mammograms have helped reduce breast cancer mortality rates in the U.S.
Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related death
Do you know a hero?
At least 100 people were injured and more than 120 were arrested
Ritzer's social network postings offer insight into her personality and passions
Two-thirds of the House and Senate would need to approve the amendment
U.S.
Investigators believe Jundal was on the phone coordinating the attack from Pakistan
Indian forces killed nine of the 10 gunmen and later put the lone survivor on trial.
It is the first time a weapon of this type has been used against an Israeli aircraft
Spanish champions Barcelona are held to a battling 0-0 draw by Athletic Bilbao
Mario Balotelli scores the winner as Italy beat Czech Republic
The returning workers are clinicians for Partners in Health, a Boston-based aid group
The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is moving fast
It's hard to understate the depth of the Bush-Clinton impact on American politics
For 32 years, there was either a Bush or a Clinton in the White House or the Cabinet
The Copyright Alert System has been four years in the making
Apple is expected to unveil iOS 7 at its developers conference that kicks off June 10
The Barcelona star won three times as many votes as second-placed Cristiano Ronaldo, the 2008 winner
Sanofi Pasteur made more than 60 million doses of Fluzone
Jordan is the honorary assistant captain for the U.S. team at the event
President Yoweri Museveni still has to assent to the bill for it to become law
U.S. has slapped sanctions on three firms including a major Chinese oil trader
If significant changes are made to a product's label, like color or a logo, the product requires new approval
Mark Berndt, 62, taught at Miramonte Elementary School for more than 30 years
The Italian Grand Prix will remain at Monza until 2016
Only 7 percent of Americans are aware of location-based social networks
Cell phone videos of alleged police misconduct have proliferated online
The fire destroyed an earth mover and damaged three other vehicles
The five survivors were found and airlifted to land around 2 a.m.
U.S.
First of the vehicles blew up in southern Baghdad's Dora district
Government officials from around the world meeting this week to discuss tobacco restrictions
B.B.
Alley, who's twice divorced, recently told PEOPLE she's looking for love
The passports were forged in Thailand and supplied to groups linked to al Qaeda
Apple still leads the pack with an astonishing 82.7% market share
The average cost of paid apps is only $2.43, with 33% users downloading apps monthly
Mr.
There are elements on both sides that don't want a compromise
Do you know a hero?
But John Hope Bryant saw an opportunity for economic empowerment
Bryant is the founder of Operation Hope, a financial literacy program
He led a convoy on a bus tour to recognize economic progress in south Los Angeles
Idea that has investors worried is the so-called "Grexit" -- or Greek exit from the eurozone
Sen.
U.S.
U.S.
If your friend gave credit to a tipster whom you don't know, no need to do serial citations
President Oscar Arias has been diagnosed with the H1N1 virus, government says
Adm.
Stufflebeem was demoted and fired from his post as director of the Navy staff
U.S.
Taylor faces war crimes charges over a conflict in Sierra Leone
Sen.
Willem-Alexander is first Dutch king in more than 120 years
The Justice Department did not estimate how long it will take to go through cases
Sen.
U.S.
Journalist Steven Brill has written a new book about our dysfunctional system of health care
"Obviously (it will be) difficult, but we have been doing our work"
Bateman, in particular, is enjoyably nimble and unbuttoned
He crashed during his attempt at a U-turn while speeding down the street
Gov.
Dr.
U.N.
Syrians began destroying their country's chemical weapons program Sunday
Staff Sgt.
National Geographic Kids magazine encouraged readers to donate old denim
More than 33,000 items of old denim -- jeans, hats and jackets -- sent to Washington
In the past two weeks, police have killed at least four people with psychiatric disabilities
In January, government offered residents up to $108 each to stimulate economy
Dr.
Curtis James Miller will unveil memorial Sunday, 10th anniversary of terrorist attacks
U.S.
The evacuation was ordered after authorities were unable to immediately contact the pilot
"This Bike is a Pipe Bomb" is the name of a band based in Pensacola, Florida
Bikes sporting similar stickers at college campuses led to bomb fears
To call it the most anticipated teaser of the year is an understatement
Four British Coastguard helicopters grounded in Scotland to replace a part
President Mamadou Tandja is said to be detained in a military camp
Rep.
Lt.
4G Xyboard is Motorola's follow-up to its pricey, not terribly popular Xoom tablet
U.S.
Pfc.
Robert F.
Sen.
District Judge Carlos Samour Jr.
Full Time 4WD offers both two-wheel drive mode and 4WD
The Monkees frontman and token Brit captivated audiences with his talent and charisma
The Vegas miniresidency is a first for KISS, which is celebrating its 40th anniversary
Dr.
Thomas Voeckler wins 10th stage of the Tour de France
Proceeds of the lottery help Standing Together Against Rape in Anchorage
Retired Gen.
The legislation was spearheaded by Sen.
Do you know a hero?
Real Madrid winger Cristiano Ronaldo will miss his side's clash with Sevilla
Tens of millions of the worm-like larvae have appeared in northern areas
U.S.
Scientists are developing a laser that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes
Reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi created Facebook page for campaign
Bernard L.
Major indexes around the globe have plummeted over the last two months
Meier: "I wanted to make a game that was fun to play.
Rep.
NEW: As of May 10, BP said the clean up has cost it $350 million
Marine Cpl.
Lance Cpl.
Penny, played by Keira Knightley, hits on the idea of going with this stranger
The trip will be "profound and far-reaching for bilateral ties," state-run media says
Relations between the two countries have hit rough patches in the past year
Nigeria joined Group C rivals Egypt in the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations after they completed a 3-0 victory over Mozambique.
Defending champions Egypt cruised into the knockout stages with a 100 percent record after a routine 2-0 victory over Benin.
Egypt qualified with nine points and Nigeria went through with six while Benin and Mozambique ended with just a point apiece.
Gov.
U.N.
Denmark, Norway, Switzerland, the Netherlands and Sweden are the world's happiest countries
Rwanda, Burundi, the Central African Republic, Benin and Togo are the least satisfied with their lives
The battleground states are moving south and west
New electoral math makes it harder for a Democrat to win the presidency
Rep.
Mandela also had a humorous side, even flirtatious at times
"We will accept it.
Sen.
U.S.
NATO and British officials said earlier she was killed by her captors
Brown, daughter of the late star Whitney Houston, was found unresponsive in a bathtub on January 31
Bill Hedden, 59, was snorkeling in a South Carolina lake when the gator attacked
U.N.
Marines evacuate about 20 U.S.
U.S.
Austrian man who allegedly held daughter for 24 years charged with murder
Do you know a hero?
Barclays will take the axe to its controversial tax structuring unit
UK lender seeks to clean up its image in the wake of a succession of scandals
Comes as global banks from Goldman Sachs to Deutsche Bank are reviewing their business
Arizona law has nothing in the books regulating assault rifles
Amer Deghayes, 20, is the eldest of four Brighton youths known to have gone to fight in Syria
Sen.
Forecasters predict river will crest Saturday about 20 feet above flood stage
Spc.
Nearly a billion people worldwide have limited access to clean water
Gov.
Gary Lamont Sumner faces murder charge in deaths of Byrd, Melanie Billings
U.S.
He faces a charge of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction
U.S.
The bill now heads to the state Senate for approval
It also prohibits government-administered insurance plans to pay for abortions
McIver will star as Cathy in "Petals on the Wind"
NEW: Tokyo Electric plans a new structure to support the No.
"I think that she will follow where the evidence leads.
J.
Gen.
Indonesia has offered to help resolve the crisis
Aristegui also hosts a nightly television talk show on CNN en Espanol
Shezanne Cassim plans to fly back to the United States on Thursday, family says
Woman convicted of violating law by not having a male guardian with her
England reach World Cup quarterfinals after dramatic 16-12 victory over Scotland
Ferrari are "astonished and saddened" by criticism from politician Roberto Calderoli
U.S.
C.J.
In Europe, the measles outbreak has been far worse than in the United States
Israeli officials seek a meeting with Turkey's ambassador to protest show
She is expected to return to the stage in Allentown, Pennsylvania, on Monday
"We didn't expect this.
Davis said he doesn't get enough credit for raising his players' GPAs, graduation rates
California Gov.
Since 1977 he has been president of the Foundation on Economic Trends
Confession 2.0 is a place where anonymity is a substitute for privacy
It's the first time the two sides have met since pro-democracy protesters took to the streets
Terreblanche was convicted of a 1996 attempted murder
There will be no cap on how much the donation will add up to, the USO says
The Academy also noted that this is the first time its members will be able to vote electronically
Al-Shabaab, the Islamist militia with ties to al Qaeda, claimed responsibility
All Elliot Shirback wanted for Christmas this year was cards
U.S.
Rep.
Sen.
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab
Government forces and pro-Russia rebels have been battling since April
Nebraska was set to begin offering marriage licenses Monday.
Potter author J.K.
Maria Sharapova was thrashed 6-0 6-2 by Slovakia's Dominika Cibulkova
Nearly 30% of veterans return from war with some kind of service-related disability
Aircraft manufacturer Airbus ready to fund third search of Atlantic Ocean
British Cabinet minister Jacqui Smith's political future is in doubt
Gen.
U.S.
Terrorism in Nigeria has been in the spotlight since more than 200 girls were kidnapped
"P.S.
U.S.
Moving the capital to Ramciel will provide more room for expansion, the government says
The public debt building has become a number nerds' paradise
U.S.
Researchers still struggling to understand the origin of the virus
Pakistan survive a scare from Canada at the Cricket World Cup
One of the great joys of the holiday commerce season is the never-ending stream of Christmas music
Which?
DSK says he still feels "very angry" at U.S.
The DEKA project was overseen by Dean Kamen, who invented the Segway
Calls to the Iranian mission at the United Nations have not been returned
China's National People's Congress meets every year
Some of the wounded in hospitals say they might risk a return to rejoin the revolution
Gov.
Indian authorities insist their ship had acted against a pirate vessel
The last woman to race an F1 car was Italian Lella Lombardi in 1976.
Some Subways will still make the popular pizza sub from the 1990s
It's the second big theft of this kind in Greece this year
Rios Montt was convicted of genocide and sentenced to 80 years
Human rights groups say they will appeal
The bills come as Arizona's immigration law is stuck in a federal appeals court
Bandar was the Saudi ambassador to Washington for nearly 22 years
"Music and terrorism don't mix!"
FBI has been especially aggressive in examining white supremacy groups
A major unknown is how large the crowd will be for Tuesday's activities
China to hold special courses to train government leaders in ways of managing online opinion
World No.
The new No.
It also requires immigrants to carry alien registration documents at all times
U.N.
Her father is the former resident chief of otolaryngology at Boston University Hospital
Emily Deschanel and David Hornsby, welcomed their first child Wednesday
It's a baby boy named Henry Hornsby, Deschanel's rep confirms
"Taken's" weekend sum could decrease slightly after the Super Bowl
Timothy P.
Ice storms hit portions of Connecticut, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania
The nations fought a protracted military conflict between 1980 and 1988
The Middle East neighbors have enjoyed closer ties in recent years
Human rights groups estimate 1,700-5,000 people were executed in China last year
He was the first black man to win the U.S.
Fabian Cancellara retains his gold jersey at Vuelta Espana despite pile-up
Giuseppe DiBella's puppy Nika disappeared from his home in Newburgh, New York
Franchitti ends his career with 31 IndyCar wins and 33 starts in the No.
Celebrants in Bethlehem joined the Latin Patriarch Fouad Twal for a midnight Mass
U.S.
Sen.
At 25%, Spain has the highest rate of unemployment in Europe, according to Eurostat
Gov.
China's breakneck economic growth has seen explosion in size of China's cities
Many migrant workers, known as "mingong," have left the countryside for the cities
U.S.
Su Rong, former vice chairman of China's top political advisory body, removed from his post
Bababcan's comments come as Turkey continues to push for European Union membership
"This isn't a game ...
Murtha, 77, died February 8 of complications from gall bladder surgery
"Occupy Boston is NOT done!
The U.S.
She is believed to be the first U.S.
787 is 20% more fuel efficient than similarly-sized aircraft, Boeing says
Assailant allegedly tried to enter the home of Danish political cartoonist Kurt Westergaard
Westergaard known for his controversial depictions of the Muslim prophet Mohammed
Babaei: Iran should be able to enjoy its right to peaceful nuclear energy
Consumer Products Safety Commission has received reports of 200 cases since 2008
Some television and radio stations did not air the planned 30-second test at all
Federal judge in March had blocked the importation of thiopental
There is no official word, yet, on how violators would be punished
United Flight 139 from Denver to Tokyo was diverted to Seattle on Tuesday
Sri Lankan military said Sunday it had captured last rebel stronghold
Last November, Yeater claimed that Bieber was the father of her then-three month old baby boy
In London, Bieber also said he'd recorded 40 songs for the record
Pvt.
Foster, who has a wife and two young children, said he still plans to deploy to Afghanistan
"O God, why did you snatch away my son?"
Firefighters fought city after it threw out the results of a promotion exam
The vaccines alert the body's immune system to attack multiple points on the cancer cells.
Former Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been ordered to stand trial
The first court hearing will take place on May 19
"D.L.
State Rep.
Reid has called his opponent "too extreme" in TV ads airing across the state
Do you know a hero?
Mona Yvette Nelson, 44, was arrested Wednesday
NASA collaborating with recording artist Mary J.
A public service announcement begins running this week on NASA TV
The tool, built in a Startup Weekend-style project, is adjustable and interactive
"Dr.
Pioz is saddled with €16 million of debt, making it Spain's most indebted town
Today, only 3,500 people live in housing estates designed for 25,000
The banking sector has €186 billion-worth of troubled real estate assets on its books
Facebook system competes most directly with Disqus
Adidas is now working with top designers, such as Stella McCartney
The attack occurred on a patrol base in Helmand
Thule makes a roof rack system that can be fitted with a multi-kayak carrier
Tinney: "FrontierVille" is "a step in the right direction" for the company
"Social game makers are just getting warmed up," says Games.com's Goad
U.S.
100 people were in the church when the bomb exploded
Investigations are under way to determine who planted the bomb
Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated
U.S.
Wren: In the absence of safe, legal ways to reach European territories, refugees are forced into dangerous and abusive situations
Google Maps 6.0 for Android launched Tuesday with indoor mapping
Google has partnered with more than 25 major businesses
David Silva, Sergio Aguero, Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri all score
Noel M.
N.
Half of all home purchases in February were by first-time homebuyers
The key to finding a deal is to know local market conditions
Dr.
Kyle became a legend in military circles after 160 confirmed kills
Chapman was elected to the Young Guard of United Russia board
His 1984 novel "The Hunt for Red October" propelled him to fame, fortune and status
At least 16 rounds fired on uninhabited area in Iraq's Irbil province
"The entire medical community is opposed to these phony therapies," Sen.
Nissan Motor Company moved its global headquarters for its luxury Infiniti line to Hong Kong
"How can you compete with the yen at 80 yen to the dollar when the historic level has been 110?"
Setola is allegedly head of killing team run by the powerful Casalesi clan
"We've asked for it back.
China's population is growing at the rate of 0.6 percent
Carbon trading is said to be one way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
At the heart of the issue is a seemingly simple phrase: "Likely to die"
"Tintin" exists in a lost world of colonial exploration and adventure
The story moves at a good lick and Spielberg's touch is lighter
He worked at National Archives and Records Administration for more than 40 years
Jessica Katz was born with nutritional deficiency that stopped her from growing
U.N.
Muslim men, women and children forced into homes that were then set on fire
Page reboot software means dissidents can "attack" sites with barrage of hits
Woody Harrelson defends his clash with a photographer at a New York airport
Harrelson is being sued by another TMZ photographer for an alleged assault
A projected 43.3 million air travelers will fly on U.S. carriers
That's a 1% drop from the same period last year
On the busiest days, flights will be filled to at least 85% capacity
Roland Burris has erected a mausoleum in Chicago's Oak Woods Cemetery
Gov.
500 National Guard members mobilized
Gov.
The appeal to overturn the conviction was filed this week
The abducted boys are all apparently named after their biological father
Sen.
The inquiry was launched after Arafat's widow, Suha Arafat, lodged a formal complaint
This comes after French authorities opened a murder inquiry into his death
J.K.
Birmingham beaten 3-1 at home by fellow strugglers West Bromwich Albion
One admitted cyber cannibal told CNN he was part of a group that outed a so-called cat killer
Film maker Wang Jing has made a documentary about the phenomenon
His latest project is a comedy special, "Vegas is My Oyster," airing on Showtime
If Shore, 43, were to settle down, he says a Sharon Osbourne type is his ideal
"Detectives are going to speak to the individual," a New York Police spokesman says
The U.S.
Within two hours the message had been retweeted more than 85,000 times
The space agency is hoping to get the first pictures from the probe by the end of the month
The primary science phase of the mission is scheduled to begin April 4.
Army Capt.
Salk's vaccine began with inoculating school children in April, 1955
The U.S.
The opposition bloc has called for protests on August 14
Northern California and southern Oregon have been trying to merge since 1852
"The Proposal," accepted the top spot at box office by grossing $34.1 million
The coroner's office is investigating the cause of Jackson's June 25 death
The U.N.
Assange fled to the Ecuadorian Embassy in London in June
U.S.
Lashkar-e-Tayyiba blamed for attack on Mumbai, India, hotels in November 2008
Lucy Valena traveled to Seattle to learn from the best baristas
"It's beautiful where it used to be desolate.
Mary J.
Mississippi Gov.
NBC has ordered a pilot of Bryan Fuller's remake of the classic TV show "The Munsters"
The new version of the sitcom is bring re-imagined by the "Pushing Daises" creator
Two of the men, Neil Strachan and James Rennie, face life in prison
Nicholson pleaded guilty in 1997 to spying for Russia
January 15 was the biggest firefight Belgian commandos have faced since World War II
Tamil Tiger rebels acknowledge the death of their leader Velupillai Prabhakaran
An estimated 70,000 to 80,000 people have died during the quarter century of fighting
In 2003, James Lee, pleaded guilty to smuggling a woman from Mexico
The measure is mainly symbolic and is not binding on the government
Sen.
In Sao Paulo, many restaurants now offer dog menus and a Rio entrepreneur recently introduced a "Dog Beer"
Nabucco pipeline would run from through Bulgaria, Romania and Hungary
NBA icons Kobe Bryant and LeBron James are third and fourth respectively
Novotny captures them with his modern, digital Fujifilm X-T1 in a small studio
The EDTA on Tuesday is expected to release a set of policy recommendations
His partner, Mark Thomas, dug a snow cave for Bennett and hiked down
Kardashian is close to giving birth to a daughter, fathered by boyfriend Kanye West.
She filed for separation in October 2011, beginning the bitter divorce battle
The phones feature a touch screen and a "high pixel" camera.
Col.
U.S.
"You deserve to know how your tax dollars are being spent," White House says
If court accepts the plea, Martinez will be sentenced to 25 years in prison
Melting glaciers in Alps forcing Italy and Switzerland to redraw their borders
Sharper was freed from jail after posting $200,000 bond Friday
The U.S.
Last year's world champion Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
Brown pleaded guilty in June 2009 to assaulting his then-girlfriend
Artistic personalities are creative by nature with imaginations that stretch
U.S.
Republicans counter the benefits are an economic drain and a disincentive to looking for work
CNN/Opinion Research Corp.
Mr.
The visit plays into efforts to pursue peace in war-torn Afghanistan
Rep.
"There are no plans to make donations to the victims of the Chernobyl disaster," says UEFA
Violence has quickly spread, with reports of mass killings nationwide
Poland will withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of October, military says
There are around 900 Polish troops in the war-torn country, most in Diwaniya
There are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines, including Air France
"The problem still is there.
Among the ten cases confirmed, six are in children under three years
Adventurer and TV show host Bear Grylls injured his shoulder
U.S.
Finding the Higgs boson would help explain the origin of mass
World Economic Forum is strictly by invitation only, with 2,600 participants
By 2020, it's estimated more than 200 million Chinese will go overseas
Abu Khalid Abdul-Latif, also known as Anthony Davis, pleaded guilty in December
They used to smuggle drugs and weapons, but "now they are being used as butchers"
Friday's announcement leaves 12 pending cases of 26 Philadelphia priests suspended
It advocates a move away from secularism and a return to the rules of the Quran
The Brotherhood is the oldest and largest opposition group in Egypt
Its offshoots outside Egypt are markedly more conservative in their views
The Alzheimer's Association has a 24/7 help line for caregivers
The court granted the prosecution's request to postpone the case until August 19
Mandela, 94, has not appeared in public since 2010
Security forces search the home of Andal Ampatuan Jr., mayor of Datu Unsay
Authorities say Ampatuan Jr.
Telstra is one of Australia's top 10 listed companies, a Fortune 500 company
Scores of pilgrims have been killed in attacks blamed on Sunni extremists
Growing numbers are getting their kicks out of pre-work rave parties
Kennedy, daughter of the late Sen.
Rebtel surveyed 1,340 immigrants residing in the U.S. about their technology habits
Immigrants from Ghana (62%) and India (58%) were most likely to buy a tablet
He is accused of 350 incidents of abuse of his daughter, stepdaughter and stepson
Ten people die every day from unintentional drowning in the United States
U.S.
Chinese box office is up another 22 percent
He was regarded as the spiritual leader of one billion Sunni Muslims
The roads around Chiang Mai are some of the most scenic in the country
He was opposed to wars UK government and its U.S. allies were waging
The regulations place tough limits on emissions from coal-fired power plants
U.S.
American staff sergeant had used a Quran for target practice in Iraq
After the launch, SpaceX will try to guide the bottom stage upright onto the platform
Only two patients had been known to survive in the last half-century.
The caller threatened to kill Candela if her father did not return some money
The men were convicted on conspiracy charges related to at least three large shipments
Sought in connection with 2000 attack on two Los Angeles, California, officers
Mexican police and FBI agents confirmed his identity through fingerprints
Dr.
Korovin is well known for helping celebrities with voice trouble
Hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933
Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express
Gov.
Gen.
Gen.
The death of Ma Ailun, 23, was reported Sunday by China's Xinhua News Agency
CNN's weather team found no signs of stormy weather in the area
Japan has the developed world's highest debt to gross-domestic-product ratio
Police arrest a man on suspicion of making a racially abusive gesture
"I'd rather work than just be sitting here waiting on a check," he says
Three similar barges, including one in Maine, have been spotted
Rosetta is to begin listening for signs that the lander has survived the cold and dark
"Sadly, our right-wing extremists took a huge offense to it," park spokeswoman says
If you haven't been through a miscarriage, just listen.
More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled homes, 2 million to neighboring states
Thousands of people have been killed since clashes erupted in December
The Rev.
J.
Conservative Party leader David Cameron appointed as British prime minister
An estimated 9 million people travel to Istanbul each year
Embraer has been working diligently to line up solid orders to announce at the show
David Nieland was an investigator with the DHS inspector general
They call it the most honorable mission in the military
Mahony is in Rome as part of the cardinals' conclave voting for a new pope
Sarah Shourd and Shane Bauer married Saturday near the ocean
Shourd was released in 2010, and Bauer and Fattal were freed last year
Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple
The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962
Bloggers have been gossiping about the fifth-generation iPhone since June 2010
This was first presentation for Tim Cook, who replaced Steve Jobs as CEO
Many people expected Apple to announce a completely redesigned iPhone 5
At least 2,000 official cases have been filed with Spanish prosecutors
L.A.
W.
MSCI announced that a developed nation is being downgraded for the first time
The U.S.
Fiore won a Pulitzer Monday for animations he made for the SFGate
Experts agree that you should always go to your boss is when there is a potential problem
U.S.
Current Arkansas prison policy allows only a "neatly trimmed mustache"
Phelps already is collecting about $5 million a year in endorsement checks
The album includes a seven-minute track, which starts with shadowy electronics
Boko Haram has waged a violent campaign of bombings
Asia set to have the world's wealthiest residents, with city-state Singapore heading the rich list
A350 XWB is designed to rival Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and 777s
The amount of Church money indirectly invested in Wonga was about £75,000 out of investments totalling £5.2bn.
The Archbishop of Canterbury said he was "embarrassed" and "irritated" by the findings
Lambeth Palace said an independent inquiry would be launched into how "this serious inconsistency" occurred
Sensitivity about marine life in the area is high after the BP oil disaster
Anthony Field, Murray Cook and Greg Page studied early childhood education
U.S.
English Premier League leaders Chelsea smash seven goals past Sunderland
He is accused of running over two men and killing one following an argument
U.S.
It will be dissolved after a new lower house is elected, state-run Ahram reports
The court dissolved the lower house of parliament last year
"There are ... no grievances that our laws and courts cannot address," he says
Maerklin generated a turnover of around $165 million in 2008
Taliban violence has increased as the new leadership seeks to assert its authority
Apple is now offering easy streaming of MLB and NBA games
There are two subscription models for MLB.TV, $100 standard or $120 premium
World No.
In February, we want to know who you think is the greatest classical composer
Gen.
The songwriter and singer launched her performance and recording career in 2006
Randy Newman, Heart, Albert King, Donna Summer and Public Enemy also inducted
Spaniards spent less on lottery tickets this year
Rep.
Presidential election is first since government forces put down 26-year insurgency
CDC had hoped 40 million doses would be available by end of October
Dr.
South Carolina Gov.
Congo has taken some measures to try to curb the sexual violence
"Newsies The Musical" opened on Broadway last March to sell-outs and acclaim
World No.
U.S.
U.N.
Gov.
CNN could not independently confirm the activists' claim
Zimbabwe's agro-based economy in free-fall for more than a decade
Ingredients of the formula may have come into contact with cesium when being dried
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating
U.S.
Cristiano Ronaldo sent off after inspiring Real Madrid to 4-2 victory at home to Almeria
Lewis Hamilton overtook the safety car but still managed to finish second
Same-sex marriage is legal in 17 U.S states and the District of Columbia
Operation Can Scam led to the arraignment of 10 grocers and conspirators.
The books were optioned this week by 20th Century Fox
Each is accused of removing items from Tsarnaev's dorm room after the April 15 attack
Nearly 1 in 5 men in the U.S. has difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection
The former world No.
World No.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows
Dr.
Fight over payroll tax cut and long-term unemployment benefits picks back up
Allen H.
"Dr.
The show airs on 13 CBS-owned stations, including in the top 5 markets like New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago
"I'm excited to continue my dynamic partnership with Leslie Moonves and my CBS family," Dr.
UNIFIL has been in southern Lebanon since a 1978 conflict with Israel
"I did not kill Michael Jackson," Murray tells the Mail.
The parties agreed to set up a transition process leading to a presidential election
"Even though we wear hearing aids, we can still accomplish our goals & dreams"
"I'm surprised he didn't try to ask for dry ice," Scott said Thursday to CNN affiliate WPBF.
Spaniards celebrate their version of April Fools' on December 28
Reports of his studies had attracted worldwide attention
World No.
No.
"You can go from rags to riches there.
Rep.
Arranged marriages are still the norm in India
White men have the highest rates of HPV-related throat cancer
Democratic senators will hold short "pro forma" sessions over the holiday break
"We can bring our products to you instead of waiting for you to come to us"
Do you know a hero?
U.S. military obtained landing rights at the Dominican Republic's air base at San Isidro
Dr.
The train was on its way from the Croatian capital, Zagreb, to Split
Today's domestic terror threats range from eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists
A large part of the pilot program would also involve continuing its work in training local mechanics
Harrison said the charity is planning to test different technologies for each country depending on the type of well
Fox has cancelled prehistoric dino drama "Terra Nova" after one season
From what we hear, Fox higher-ups weren't too fond of the show
Cpl.
The U.S.
James was voted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
J.I.
"All platforms are now moving towards episodic content," says producer/designer
The death toll has risen to 279, Anatolian news agency reports
More rain is forecast
Rebels in Chechnya started out fighting for independence
The story is relatively simple and takes plot elements from "Singing in the Rain"
The film is peppered with sight gags in the best of classic Hollywood tradition
Her body was found with her head in a toilet
Fox Television Studios plans to shop the series to other networks
"I believe I was silent for several minutes.
Gov.
Kathleen Savio was found dead in a bathtub in 2004
He has been in several videos released by the Taliban
HBO's "The Newsroom" will take viewers behind the scenes of a fictional cable news network
HBO's "True Blood" has been a summer staple since season 2 kicked off in June 2009
J.K.
No relationship is more important -- or complex -- than that between the United States and China
The couple was kidnapped on June 15 as they were leaving their home in Sanaa
Amnesty accused China intimidating relatives of children who died in quake
GAVI Alliance Partners' Forum to focus on children's access to life-saving vaccines.
U.S.
December marks the 60th anniversary of the U.N.'s Genocide Convention
U.S.
''We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together'' is a sublime explosion of Euro-pop glee
''22'' also shows how savvy Swift is about uniting guy haters of all ages
"They're painting their lives.
The U.S.
Democratic Sen.
Esmin Green was involuntarily admitted June 18 for "agitation and psychosis"
United Airlines debuted a 757 painted with the logo for the show's farewell season
The U.N.
"I never wanted to do anything to harm him," she said
Mr.
FotoFlexer bills itself as "the world's most advanced online image editor"
Cameroid lets you "take crazy snaps with your webcam straight from your browser"
The U.S.
NEW The share price of Samsung Electronics dropped nearly 7.5% in trading Monday
Rafael Nadal becomes second man to win four successive French Open titles
U.S.
Jackson's lawyers have not responded
They were reported missing when the Carnival Spirit docked in Sydney
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama
U.S.
Clinton says U.S.
Gov.
A U.S.
Brown, a black teen, was fatally shot by Darren Wilson, a white officer
Officer Manuel Ramos and Cpl.
Mt.
Rafael Nadal remains on course for a seventh French Open title after beating Nicolas Almagro
About 800 Muslim men and boys were killed in Srebrenica
Joseph W.
Democratic Sen.
In closing days of race, Weiner seems to be living between shamelessness and fortitude
Rory McIlroy re-united with the 3-iron he threw into lake at Doral
Friso, a son of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands, was airlifted to hospital in Innsbruck
Lech am Arlberg is in Austria's Vorarlberg state, a popular skiing area in western Austria
All told, "The Dark Knight Rises" has grossed $732 million worldwide
Having a single surgical procedure did not appear to increase risk
The longer a child was unconscious, the greater the ADHD risk
"Bully," a look at adolescent bullying in America, was rated R for "some language"
Iraqi President Jalal Talabani named Nuri al-Maliki to a second term as prime minister
Al-Maliki has 30 days to work with rival factions and form a new government
McCain faces primary challenge from former Rep.
Husband: "She wasn't involved, she didn't have anything to do with this!"
Let's say they find it.
An estimated 1.2 billion cell phones sold in 2008, at least half replacement handsets
About 4% to 6% of U.S.
Gov.
"To say it's inappropriate and stupid is an extreme understatement," Cebull said
Gov.
Sen.
Sen.
"Just Kids" recounts Smith's relationship with Robert Mapplethorpe
National Book Award winners get a check for $10,000 and a bronze statue
Nick Heidfeld joins Mercedes as back-up for Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg
China and Taiwan separated in 1949 following a civil war
Obama said -- again -- that this is the year he intends to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay
Egypt is experiencing a crayfish invasion along the Nile River.
54% of Americans support legalizing marriages between gay and lesbian couples
Hillary Clinton will bypass Europe and travel to Asia on her maiden voyage overseas
U.S.
Trip illustrates Obama administration's desire for a broader partnership with China
The third season concluded in April 2012 and was thought to be the last
Alexander Bradley and John Alcorn Jr. are ordered to answer questions
Another system is forecast to bring snow to the region this weekend
Army Staff Sgt.
U.S.
Other officials have also been targeted for opposing the law
"It has strengthened the bond between the community and the police," he says
"I've never met the person that created the Facebook page.
Mississippi Gov.
Terry J.
Mandela was the first of his family to attend school
Of the highway town trio, Alpine is the busy one
Cape Town is set to benefit from major international sporting events
The app that my kids seem to prefer is the "Jack and the Beanstalk" interactive book
In terms of car-ride iPad savers, I'd have to suggest the instant classic "Paper Toss"
League-leaders Borussia Dortmund were held to a 1-1 draw by Kaiserslautern
Up to 2,000 Palestinians detained in Israeli prisons staging a mass hunger strike
U.K.
Without more cost cutting, the city won't be able to pay its bills come June
Spc.
Continuing to drive on underinflated tires can cause them to burst
Dolla, whose real name is Roderick Anthony Burton II, was 21
Tropical depression is likely to become a tropical storm by Sunday
The United States currently buys 15 percent of BrazilÂ¹s orange juice exports
Schlesselman threatened to kill then-Sen.
Where is home for you and where do you want to return to visit or stay?
MotoGP is in mourning following the tragic death of Japan's Shoya Tomizawa
His death was the first in the sport since compatriot Daijiro Kato died in April 2003
Some 450 firefighters are working the blaze, located in Riverside County
Nicholas T.
J.K.
HRW: "It's time for other countries speak up and tell Saudi Arabia to end its repression campaign."
Monaco looks set to become preferred destination of world class footballers
Under the principality's laws, foreigners do not pay tax on their wages
French Football Federation (FFF) rule the club must move their head office to France
The Darfur refugee camp has been closed for nearly two weeks
Gulf of Aden, off northern Somalia, has the highest risk of piracy in the world
The U.S.
U.S.
Retired Col.
The U.N.
Sgt.
Brown was on his way from Los Angeles to New York
Brown resumed his trip without incident on another jet
Lt.
James E.
U.S.
Federal officials are investigating
The arrests are a follow-up to raids last August in southern Spain
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced plans to generate power
Robin Roberts has returned to the set of "Good Morning America"
She arrived at the Times Square studio at 5 a.m., ABC reports
Authorities are investigating the suicide hanging of James Lee Crummel
Sudan's Muslim north has been in conflict with the majority Christian south for decades
He was accused of blocking a criminal investigation into his office
Lohan's representative told CNN the actress was "happy to cooperate"
Staff Sgt.
Brown, daughter of late singing star Whitney Houston, will now be ventilated through a hole in her throat
"21" is the first time the same record has been the top seller in the first halves of any two years
Gotye's "Somebody That I Used to Know," has a digital sales figure of 5.50 million for the year
Prosecutors allege that Berlusconi paid for sex with a 17-year-old nightclub dancer
Berlusconi has said the dancer had been introduced as a 24-year-old
U.S.
Emma Coleman Jordan is professor of law at Georgetown University
St.
Mozilla and Microsoft have already included in their newest browsers
Google says it offers a plug-in for Chrome called "Keep My Opt-Outs"
The use of U.S.
Commander: SOF carried out "somewhere between 3,000 and 4,000 operations" in 2010
Of the 33,000 U.S. troops to be withdrawn by the end of 2012, none will be special forces
On "Apartment 23," Van Der Beek is in on the joke, poking fun at himself
The 16GB version is also sold out at GameStop, Kmart, Sam's Club, others
Rep.
U.N.
It's now nearly impossible to promise secrecy or anonymity in adoptions, the report says
Spc.
Palestinians want East Jerusalem to be part of their future state
Shortly after 12:10 a.m.
Capt.
Rep.
Virgin Galactic has envisioned one flight a week, with six tourists aboard
Each will pay $200,000 for the ride and train for at least three days before going
"Pad" launched in August of 2010 as an elimination-style game show
J.K.
Hoevels' character was supposed to commit suicide
World No.
That tweets caused a backlash on the social networking site
Travel has opened their minds, widened their experience and bonded them
"Sofia the First: Once Upon A Princess" has received backlash as well as support
Some Latinos applauded Disney's new milestone on Twitter
The FAA is investigating
Sen.
World number one Novak Djokovic is into the Western and Southern Open quarterfinals
Saab is reorganizing to become a separate, independent business entity
Droid Charge was originally slated for release the same weekend as the outage
No numbers were provided for July, but such attacks have continued this month
The Rev.
The reaction from social media has been strong, reflecting the unique pull Thomas commands
Without a transplant, doctors said, he could die in six months.
Justice Department Inspector General cites wide-ranging costs and dangers of ID theft
Bachmann's staff challenge is to broaden her appeal beyond conservative activists
Driving a Honda Civic Hybrid is living green, pure and simple
Get small bills or coins from your hotel's front desk to make tipping easier
Mississippi rejects amendment that would have defined life as beginning at conception
Queen Elizabeth II's filly Estimate comes close to defending Gold Cup title
At 19 she is one of the most successful U.S.
She is one of three people found dead within a few blocks from each other
A downtown N train ran over him, severing his right leg
Since 2000, 74 journalists have been killed in Mexico -- 14 since 2010
NEW: Jordan will hold a fair trial for Qatada for alleged terrorist attacks
Britain has been trying to deport Abu Qatada since 2005
Nearly three dozen aircraft and 40 ships have so far failed to find any sign of the aircraft
I hereby declare October 12, 2012, as the day "Gangnam Style" died
Just because no one comments on your use of foul language, doesn't mean it's going unnoticed
Watch Venus Williams on Revealed this week at the times below
The couple's supporters had billed this as "David vs.
The 10,197-foot peak is located about 100 miles southwest of Anchorage
Uighurs are ethnic Turks distinct from China's majority Han population
U.S.
Have a third-party mechanic look the used car
U.N.
The Marionettentheater in Salzburg now offers a puppet version of the musical
Suu Kyi was released from house arrest on November 13
Sen.
Rep.
A new sleeper virus has now spread to more than eight million computers
In April, 2005, Eric Robert Rudolph pleaded guilty to the bombing
U.S.
U.S.
Rep.
A second explosion was reported near the tourist area of Nyali Beach
An improvised explosive device was discovered at the Reef Hotel gate
Bulk carrier De Xin Hai hijacked 550 nautical miles northeast of Seychelles
EU force aircraft monitoring the ship reported seeing four pirates on deck
"To hear I got the record, that's unreal," Rupp says
Fewer than half of parts on some Big Three vehicles made in U.S.
Ketchikan Mayor Bob Weinstein calls the road a waste of money
U.S.
Rep.
U.S.
"We cannot lose hope.
"I'm fighting for my life, and I thought people at the power company would help me"
St.
A man who is comfortable and confident will trump an Abercrombie model every time
U.S.
Terriers have won the most Best in Show awards
Parts of Interstate highways 77, 485 and 85 were flooded and temporarily shut down
The movie's plot construction is rickety; the opening is needlessly confusing
Smith tells EW that he's already broached the subject with several members of the cast
Dieudonne M'bala M'bala has been widely associated with the "quenelle" gesture
Kelly Bishop played drinking grandmother Emily Gilmore on "Gilmore Girls"
The Calais basin is one of three mining sites that made the list this year
The bill calls for a 14-year sentence for anyone convicted of homosexuality
Anyone who aids or "abets" same-sex unions faces 10 years in prison
Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries based on laws introduced during the colonial era
Felipe Massa will be in Brazil for home Formula One grand prix on October 18
The bribes allegedly amounted to $180 million between 1994 and 2004
Obama administration had asked the high court not to take the case
The two-hour documentary tells the story of Cheney's life through his own comments
Cheney remains as satisfied as ever with his performance as vice president
Lebanon constantly struggles to maintain a balance among its sects
Mark Ciavarella was ordered to pay about $1 million in restitution
U.S.-based company discovered its computer systems were being accessed from China
Hardware that can be used in nuclear devices and ground fighting purchased
Tribal chiefs are negotiating with the militants to leave the town peacefully
K.D.
The U.N.
Senate and House are each expected to vote on the budget resolution this week
The Rev.
Tata aims to make 350,000 Nanos a year from 2010
For those seeking more of an adventure, Choquequirao is the ideal trek
400,000 tickets sold represent nearly one of every 10 people in Ireland
"It was beyond a super car.
The daughter of one of Wu's fundraisers accused him of unwanted sexual advances
The site lets people search enormous YouTube video database in real time
Withers may have led a double life as a paid FBI informant
The cease-fire expired at midnight Monday
At least 10 people were injured
Last week, militants carried out a deadly attack on Somalia's presidential palace
Deadline is reporting that a biopic about Carson is currently in the works
There is no studio or director yet attached to the project
The show will include iconic songs from the film such as "Flashdance -- What a Feeling"
He has been under house arrest in Britain since 2010
Most recently, it outlined plans to build a brand new city
The hope is that projects like Mohammed bin Rashid will lure millions more visitors a year
Pandher and a domestic employee sentenced to death in February by lower court
Three passengers -- all Chinese citizens -- have been rescued
Gov.
Air Force Lt.
Krusinski headed a military unit aimed at preventing sexual assaults
W.R.
The 90s indie princes buzzed through their songbook, 27 brilliant tunes in 90 minutes
The show ended with "Range Life," a wittily poignant ballad about the passing of youth
Do you know a hero?
Gov.
Carol Thatcher referred to a tennis player as a "golliwog" backstage
Wagyu beef and Kobe beef are not the same thing
Vice President Joe Biden said that "NATO got it right"
Karras sat in the broadcast booth along with Howard Cosell and Frank Gifford
In April, Karras joined more than 3,000 other former players who are suing the NFL
The U.S.
Among the injured was the deputy governor of Anbar province
It includes acts where one person is infected with HIV, "serial offenders" and sex with minors
The bill also proposes years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to homosexuals
Rep.
Prius is not one of the eight models affected by two recent recalls
Thirty people were diagnosed with the virus that attacks the liver
Gov.
All Amtrak service between Boston and Philadelphia is canceled
Joseph Hedlund Johnson, of Salem, Oregon, charged with a federal crime
Under Chinese law, appellate judges can decide non-capital cases behind closed doors
During the trial, Bo, 64, denied the charges and strongly challenged the case against him
Bo was sentenced to life for bribe-taking, 15 years for embezzlement and seven years for abuse of power
L.A.
World No.
Penn State officials failed to report a 2001 incident involving Jerry Sandusky
Troops have launched operations targeting families of suspected bombers
Each count carries a maximum of five years in prison
A new cluster was also reported in the United Arab Emirates
In the Middle East, people were tired of the old dictatorships
Ashoka Mukpo arrived at the Nebraska Medical Center on Monday
In 2010, Forbes magazine estimated his estate's annual income at $60 million.
Search teams have found 51 of the 228 people who died
U.S.
HIV returns in two patients who doctors hoped had been cured of the virus
Lionel Messi is favorite to land the gong after recently winning the Ballon d'Or award for European Player of the Year
U.S.
"These men are heroes.
The U.S.
Arizona's top politicians blast the Obama administration over the denial
The Yarnell Hill blaze killed 19 firefighters, called "hotshots," in June
Republican Gov.
Nimrud was city in Assyrian kingdom, which flourished between 900 B.C. and 612 B.C.
A source close to Kotb downplayed the odds of a fourth-hour shakeup
The Airline Quality Rankings Report looks at the 14 largest U.S. airlines
ExpressJet and American Airlines had the worst on-time performance
U.S.
First Sgt.
He pledged to see Barack Obama to the White House
Last month the United States and Cuba agreed to discuss normalizing relations
Almost all British troops in Iraq are being pulled out
U.S.
Obama administration has sought to reduce U.S. military footprint abroad
Beijing started campaign to "clean out" expatriates illegally living or working in Chinese capital
There are almost 200,000 foreign residents in Beijing on short-term or long-term visas
The invisibility illusion will be achieved with LED facade system
U.N.
Officials in Guinea alerted Senegal on Wednesday after losing track of the young man
U.S.
He fought to open the chamber to visitors
The Philippine economy grew 7.1% last quarter -- the fastest growth in two years
Lauryn Hill pleaded guilty Friday to evading federal taxes on $1.8 million
The singer faces a maximum one-year sentence for each of the three counts
The Braley campaign pounced on Ernst's cancellation in a conference call Thursday afternoon
Neil Prescott, 28, has been charged with misuse of a telephone
U.S.
Booker is one of two African-Americans currently serving in the Senate
Edgar Martirosyan had no clue he'd be serving Hollywood's biggest stars
"I was just shocked.
Rev.
Conti, former adviser to mayor of Rome, was arrested in June 2008
Church has been rocked by allegations of child abuse by Catholic clergy in Europe
It is illegal to carry firearms in the District of Columbia
The film, written by Nick Cave and directed by John Hillcoat, is a sturdy piece of traditionalism
Hardy's presence is compelling, but the film comes fully alive only when it turns bloody
It is estimated $8 billion in cash was lugged out of Afghanistan last year
Police: No suspects in custody, but investigators questioning several people
Phone is designed to pull you into Amazon's growing universe of services
Initial efforts to free the ship at high tide were unsuccessful
Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park is home to threatened and endangered marine species
The cause of the grounding was under investigation, Navy says
A third of world's transactions now flow through China's largest bitcoin trading website
Wall Street Journal said the United States intercepted an order from Iran to militants
Antwan Maurice Pittman, 31, charged with first-degree murder
Taraha Shenice Nicholson, whose remains were found in a wooded area on March 7
The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours
Sen.
Freedom Industries Inc.
These storms contain updrafts and downdrafts that can move at speeds of 100 mph
"P.s.
Prince Harry has spoken for first time about his notorious romp in Las Vegas hotel suite
U.S.
The practice provides an authentic way for travelers to experience India's rich cultural heritage
A TV network offered to pay for her mother's medical expenses
Ten years ago this week, Colin Powell declared that genocide had been committed in Darfur
When Obama was sworn in as president, Cooper called it one of the greatest days of her life
U.S.
U.N.
Flee the flocks of visitors in central Venice with a summer ferry excursion to The Lido
In its App Store, Apple provides an age rating ranging from 4+ to 17+
President Fernandez underwent surgery this week
Sustainable forestry aims to prevent depletion of forests
Microsoft has applied for a patent on metered, pay-as-you-go computing
NEW: Southwest Airlines announced that it is grounding 81 planes
They have two children
Flight 445 encountered "severe turbulence" about 4 hours after takeoff on Nov.
The show will air on May 19 at 10 p.m.
It's all part of Coachella's new partnership with the Creators Project
London's United Visual Artists are building into a three-dimensional lighting sculpture
Rep.
They're accused of locking their 13-year-old son in a small basement room
The new 10-print system was rolled out in late November at Dulles
Supporters separated by aisle from relatives of shooting victim Oscar Grant III
The city of Florence and the Italian government are in dispute
Al-Awlaki built up a large following in the United States and the United Kingdom
The drone crashed on the Baekryeong Island on Monday afternoon
UAE became first Arab nation to play an International Ice Hockey Federation world championship
Race has been used to create a political divide in the South
478-carat stone determined it to be of the highest color grading available
Georgia, formerly part of the Soviet Union, now has ambitions of joining NATO
Company ensnared in a labor dispute between federal officials and a union
Thursday evening, 9 of the 10 top trending topics on Twitter were about Jackson
"Much Ado About Nothing" premieres Saturday Toronto International Film Festival.
Whedon mused about the connections between Shakespeare and "The Avengers,"
Academic pressures, social concerns, and sleep disruptions can lead to depression
U.S.
Thousands of people in Plateau state have been killed in the last decade
Alex Ferguson charged by FA for comments he made about referee Martin Atkinson
29 still missing after landslides buried some 50 homes
Landslides occurred in area of Ciwidey in province of West Java
He portrays a writer who seems to be going slowly insane at a remote lake town
A controversial new cyberlaw has been suspended in the Philippines by the country's top court
The Cybercrime Prevention Act went into effect on October 3 amidst widespread protests
Critics of the law are against various provisions of the law, mainly one that criminalizes libel
Nguyen starred in MTV's "A Shot at Love With Tila Tequila"
The boys, 16 and 17, were hoisted off the cliff in the Sierra Buttes in California
Authorities say three of the men are self-proclaimed anarchists
In the past two decades, it has intensified security in government buildings
"I ran a half-marathon in April with my cousins, mom, and aunts.
The quake was deep but close to El Salvador's shoreline
Crews responded to at least 12 collapsed homes.
A woman was killed when an electrical utility pole fell on her
Apple has set the price for its tablet in the $499-$829 range
The addictive game soared to the top of downloads
Apple's iPad will now be able to connect directly to Verizon network
Gristina, 44, has been charged with promoting prostitution
Rivera Gracias was added to the FBI's Top 10 list on March 14
The trip will end in New York, where the Titanic was headed
Gov.
The government said it was not really "lying" to declare "there exist no records responsive"
In this series, individual Americans tell their stories about guns
Gay advocates in Iowa would like to create the same kind of wedding infrastructure
It contains more than a couple of eye opening moments
Sen.
Alan D.
The actor died in a car accident before he finished filming the project
The tragedy put in doubt whether the film could be completed at all
Justin Nelson and Kristi Warriner wed in Cook Children's Hospital in Fort Worth
U.N.
J.R.
Zanzibar has virtually eliminated the disease over the past five years
Zambia expanded the use of insecticides, bednets, and appropriate treatment
Georgia, formerly part of the Soviet Union, now has ambitions of joining NATO
A powerful storm is making its way through the Northeast
Swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig
U.S.
A 28-year-old suspect remains under arrest at a London hospital
"Since Western fighters joined ISIS, they consider their home country as infidels," he says
Sen.
Mugabe became a household name during a guerrilla war against white colonial rulers
Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone had 99 new cases for week ending January 25
The World Bank has halted lending to Ivory Coast
Momeni is being held in Tehran's notorious Evin Prison
Horne complained she was used as "window dressing" in white films
Retiring Army Col.
Brad Pitt and Matt Damon join in as teensy crustaceans Will and Bill the Krill
Nigeria lifted fuel subsides on petrol in an effort to cut $8 billion a year
Ford developed first of 20 Escape Plug-In Hybrid "research" vehicles
Toyota has announced plans to build their version of a plug-in electric car
Residents report fighting between the army and an unidentified armed group
Earlier, a Libyan soldier was shot dead by unknown assailants outside his home
Turkey mediated indirect talks between Israel and Syria, neighboring countries that have been adversaries for years
Assad said he and Sarkozy also discussed Iran's nuclear program and Lebanon
Two men found floating in a giant cooler off the Australian coast want to stay
There are just 25,000 girls registered to play youth soccer in Japan, a country of more than 125 million people
NASA's funding of the space station is currently scheduled to end in 2016
Congo's last election in 2006 was overseen by the United Nations
The menorah marks Hanukkah, the Jewish Festival of Lights
Myanmar is facing a food shortage largely due to last year's deadly Cyclone Nargis
Cyclone destroyed nearly all the rice crops in the fertile Ayeyarwaddy delta
France's refusal to commit forces to Iraq in 2003 was interpreted as a pacifist doctrine
More than 15 million Americans are providing unpaid care for a person with dementia
Glasgow, Scotland concert has been shifted from this Sunday to May 1
"If the owners feel I have another chance, then they'll give it to me," he says
If a thief got his hands on your iPhone, he can figure out where you live
It's likely we'll see Apple issue a software update soon
Tokyo maintains its legal liability for the wrongdoing was cleared by a treaty signed in 1965
U.N.
Lula in Iran ahead of Group of 15 developing nations meeting in Tehran
The 2-ton rover landed on Mars on August 6
The U.S.
African football has been left reeling following the tragic deaths of two players
Teenage defender Bartholomew Opoku collapsed while playing for Ghanaian side Kessben
Collins has sold more than 150 million records in his 40-plus years
In the past 50 years, revolving restaurants have opened in more than 50 countries
"The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news," the palace says
Brazilian Kaka expects to be joined by fellow world 'Galacticos' at Real Madrid
Rep.
U.S.
Sowell served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape and was released in 2005
World No.
U.S.
Laurent Blanc stands down as coach of French national team
He was convicted on two drug offenses two years ago
The incident happened near territory disputed by Japan and Russia
Drug and gang violence is rampant here, killing nearly 100 people this year alone
Transcendentalist writers visited the Appalachian peaks seeking a deeper experience
For fast access to music controls while your screen is locked, double tap the home button
Do Not Disturb is a new feature in iOS 6 that lets you silence incoming text messages
Protests over media freedom continue in Venezuela a day after two protesters killed
Army Sgt.
U.N.
Japan recently mobilized its missile defense system in response to planned launch
One out of every 13 Earthlings and three out of four Americans is on Facebook
One out of 26 signs into Facebook on a daily basis
Winfrey's wealth was estimated at around $1 billion by Forbes in 2004
The price of gasoline has risen 73 percent
Uncover the details of a religiously significant discovery in Israel
Find out how financial concerns impacted one freshman's college choice
Offer your opinions on some recent outbursts by people in the public eye
Dr.
Record champion the U.S.
Libya is the third biggest oil producer in Africa
MME takes a look at how social unrest could impact the country's oil economy
J.S.
Obesity is associated with worse outcomes in other types of tumors too
Voodoo is widely acknowledged but practiced only behind closed doors
Barclays was fined a record Â£290 million (US$449 million) for fixing the interest rate floor
Hundreds of policemen and other volunteers combed 845 square meters of land
Lockerbie local John Gair said he was never entirely convinced of Al Megrahi's guilt
The number of pediatric deaths from influenza rose by 14
Populations most at risk should see their doctor if they become ill
"The sad truth is Mr.
Hekmati's family has hired a lawyer with success in negotiating with Tehran
U.S.
The case will be heard in federal court in West Virginia early next year
NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft left the solar system and entered interstellar space
"I'm more driven.
Expert says drugs like Adderall can produce jitters, headaches, stomach problems
Ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter
Martin Kaymer has been speaking about his rise to the top of the world golf rankings
His basic salary is $11,000 a month
Defenders of Officer Daniel Pantaleo say he's an upstanding former Boy Scout
Critics say Pantaleo should have been indicted and point to lawsuits against him
It's when he scales back on the synths, as on ''That's My Shhh,'' that he thrills
Dennis Carter Sr.
Some producers are willing to have their pay reduced to continue the series
The cast, however, have yet to agree to terms with the studio
20th Century Fox TV has demanded a 45% pay cut
Gilad Shalit has been held captive by Hamas since the summer of 2006
Efforts to end his captivity have become a rallying cry for thousands of Israelis
Members can now redeem points on every seat, every day and on every flight
Earn or use points at least once every 24 months, and you'll keep your points forever
What's next?
Costa Rica's foreign ministry says the situation "threatens imminent and irreparable harm"
The suit asks the court to stop "the construction of a canal on Costa Rican soil"
Fun. hit the first chorus of their ubiquitous hit, "We Are Young."
It was only fitting that Phish closed out the main stage with a two-set show
He succeeds Dennis Blair, who was pressured to resign because of difference with the White House
Years before the first Gulf War, Saddam Hussein was slaughtering Iraq's Kurds
"He targeted countries where terrorism and violence was rife," Heath said.
U.S.
The move comes less than a week after legislation was introduced in the U.S.
Jessica Barrymore, 47, was found dead in her vehicle on July 29
Jessica and Drew Barrymore are both daughters of actor John Drew Barrymore
It costs taxpayers about 2.4 cents to make each penny
Texas Gov.
GOP Sen.
Pirates now hold 26 vessels and 613 hostages off the coast of Somalia
The U.S.
Graham says "is doing a lousy job policing their own"
About 215,000 North Americans will sail on riverboats this year, up nearly 60 percent since 2004
Unlike the price slashing you'll find on big-ship ocean cruises, last-minute discounts are rare
FX has greenlit a comedy pilot that will star Billy Crystal
The backscatter dose is "comparable" to one minute of exposure to cosmic radiation
Six others were wounded
About 375 million EU citizens aged 18 or over are entitled to vote
Elections will take place in all 27 member countries of the EU
Much legislation in member states actually originates at a European level
U.S.
Akai Gurley was unarmed when a police officer shot him to death
The Italian military rescued about 2,000 migrants in five days alone, navy says
Adam Levine leads the list of nominees with six nods in both the music and television categories
People's sexiest man alive, Channing Tatum, leads the male actors with four nods
Emma Stone and Jennifer Lawrence are tied with three nominations
The band has turned down a request from an animal rights group to rename itself
"West End Girls" is one of the many hits the group has had in its long career
Sen.
Sen.
Inhalation of powdered beryllium can impair lung function
You can get further suggestions by clicking on the "People" tab
Rep.
Strong winds and rough waves Sunday dimmed hopes of rescuing 46 sailors
U.S.
Ozment was served with papers at a Laramie, Wyoming, hotel
her long legs were ideally suited to the "scissors" style favored by athletes
Lafayette authorities evacuated about 3,500 homes and businesses
Lanessa L.
3: Days before the election set aside for Ohioans to vote in person.
30.3: Percent of voters nationwide who voted early in 2008.
8.12 million: The estimated number of people who have already voted as of October 25
"He still works long days and stays up very, very late," the friend said
Madeira-born footballer Cristiano Ronaldo also paid tribute to victims
It says it has no organizational links with the Brotherhood elsewhere
Settlement would provide system to pay for compensation of injury claims
Barcelona midfielder Alexander Hleb has turned down a switch to Inter Milan
Oral arguments will likely be held in March with a ruling by late June
White House sought to soften remarks Sotomayor made in 2001
The U.N.
By 2017, business-to-consumer e-commerce in China is predicted to double its share
More bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days
Since the vote, Iran has seen turmoil not witnessed since the 1979 Islamic revolution
Kazakh cycling federation been forced to overcome shortfall in riders' salaries
After more than 100 witnesses, the murder trial of Casey Anthony nears end
By the end of 2010, China had become Myanmar's second-largest trading partner
Myanmar offers China energy resources and a strategic gateway to the Indian Ocean
Ukraine's best hope is to use the breathing space for much-needed reform
Dennis Ritchie is the father of the C programming language
Ritchie used C to build UNIX, the OS that so much is built on
World No.
Sen.
U.N.
Authorities say eight people have died and 470 have been injured since protests began
Mendes' rep confirmed that he won't direct James Bond's 24th adventure.
Heroin has killed a record number on Long Island in the last two years
George W.
T.I.
Pvt.
White House said it expects further appeals before the sentence is carried out
Do you know where this photo was taken?
One of China's biggest banks is planning to make the country's biggest foreign bank acquisition
Analysts have predicted that Chinese groups could swoop on comparatively cheap western rivals.
Rep.
Fireworks lit up the sky over London's River Thames
A decorated U.S.
Pfc.
She died from side effects of treatment from a bone-marrow transplant
Proceeds will be donated to the children of fallen and disabled soldiers
The internet company distributes Nollywood films to viewers across the world
A second attempted hijacking took place at approximately the same time
Seven jurors said a family member had spent time in jail
"Africa's diversity should be a source of strength, not a cause for division"
It is first the first arrest warrant ever issued for a sitting head of state
Army Spc.
Coalition forces are battling Taliban fighters around the town of Marjah in Helmand province
Half of babies born in Western countries today will live until 100 years old
Scientists believe many body parts that flounder with age could be upgraded
U2 lead singer Bono discharged from hospital
U.S.
Javier A.
Sen.
Do you know a hero?
The couple play husband and wife in the upcoming thriller "Dream House"
Death has come to symbolize Iranian resistance to official election results
Her next step is to spend a few days with a sobriety coach
Gentrification has become a major issue in Tuesday's city elections
Kaley Cuoco is set to host the 2013 People's Choice Awards
Colorectal cancer is the third leading cause of cancer death in both men and women
U.S.
White House spokesman says military aid is to keep the Syrian opposition going
The Brits have always been famed for their literary adaptations
Boeing plans to advise airlines to inspect the parts more frequently
President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf also lifted a nationwide curfew imposed in August
A high burden of bacteria may disrupt specialized immune cells
A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread than a single storm
Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez insists Torres is happy at Liverpool
Nigerian troops backed by civilian vigilantes reclaim the town of Chibok
Eight people arrested
Do you know a hero?
U.S.
U.S.
Homosexuality is illegal in most African nations
Sgt.
Jessica Vega, 25, was arrested last week in Virginia
She has been indicted on fraud and grand larceny charges
She could face up to 24 years behind bars if convicted
The first American to orbit the earth has undergone successful heart surgery.
Henry L.
Police found three men dead in a car parked outside a spa Monday morning
More than 60 people have committed suicide across Japan in the last month
The R&B singer was on his way to New York when he became sick
"It's like walking through a tunnel of lights with synchronized music."
E-cigarettes look like the real thing, but they're actually battery-operated devices
U.S.
The 41-year-old comic was in Seattle to perform his stand-up comedy show
Maj.
Evacuees taken to an armory converted into a shelter, Red Cross says
"I am delighted and honored to be a member," she says
Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) claimed responsibility
No officials were hurt in the explosions in Warri in southern Nigeria
It was the group's first claim for an attack since calling off a cease-fire
Rep.
Brig.
Vick pleaded guilty in 2007 to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation
Lieberman frequently clashes with Arab members of Knesset
"I have taken a very progressive stance in the rest of my life," she says
Jackson's burial has been delayed by division among Jackson family members
Qazvin is the largest city in the province of Qazvin
Miller says he alerted Apple to the bug three weeks ago
It denies allegations that it is working on nuclear weapons
Three other Britons -- one woman and two men -- and an Indian man are also being questioned
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il added his brother-in-law to a military board
Highway 101 near Soledad, California, closed in both directions
Cpl.
Gen.
Mori still dreams of dancing on Broadway and plans to open a dance school
Sen.
Fourteen Christians have been slain in the past two weeks in Mosul
G1 -- unveiled in New York last month -- released exclusively by T-Mobile
The handset uses Google's Android software
At least 141 people were killed across the country Saturday
"Everyone has heirlooms or meaningful pieces with journeys and stories behind them"
U.S.
Tigers have their roots in the earliest days of Sri Lanka's independence in 1948
Opponents say it will encourage developers to illegally cut down the Amazon forest
Mousavi: Ahmadinejad's denials of the Holocaust had repulsed Iran's allies.
Harry is a showman, a natural performer in front of the camera and a microphone
Like his mother, Diana, he is flawed and that makes him interesting
Sumatra is the only place in the world where tigers, elephants, rhinos and orangutans co-exist
Counseling and assistance are being provided to workers, NASA says
What do you think?
Most of the deaths were by drowning or in landslides
Head injuries in football have become a hot-button issue in recent years
The array was damaged, but the sub and the ship did not collide
Japanese scientists produce clones of mice dead and frozen for 16 years
Researchers used cells from mice that were frozen for 16 years at -20 Celsius
The Justice Department is looking into whether a civil rights violation occurred
Rep.
The U.N.
Demme is the acclaimed director of "Silence of the Lambs" and "Rachel Getting Married"
According to some of its biggest critics, here are eight ways Microsoft can reinvent itself
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says he did not call for a ban on Facebook
Reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi created Facebook page for campaign
Chansa Kabwela wanted to highlight conditions in which women were being forced to give birth during a hospital strike
She mailed pictures to government ministers of a woman delivering a baby in a hospital parking lot
Zambian President Rupiah Banda described the photos as pornographic and Kabwela was ordered arrested
Rep.
Nearly 22 million travelers are expected to take cruises this year
Both had been sentenced to life without parole
"Thrones" is set in Westeros, which is basically England in the Middle Ages
Novak Djokovic up to number three in the world after winning the China Open
Sen.
Sen.
The site offers one deal per day in the cities it covers
The more users a site gains, the more leverage it has to score discounts
Simon Cowell is seeking to fill the spots vacated by Paula Abdul and Nicole Scherzinger
"The Master" had one of the best opening weekends of all time in limited release
Government forces took the area in a surprise attack early Sunday
Tzipi Livni, leader of Israeli opposition party, is willing to face war crimes charges
Livni was Israel's foreign minister during military offensive against Hamas in Gaza
Walter White and Jesse Pinkman will forever be linked
New players are brought up to speed through some introductory missions
U.S.
Every year CNN selects six iReporters to race in a triathlon with Dr.
Follow the team on Twitter, Facebook and on CNN.com for updates on their training
AS Roma beat Juventus 2-0 in quarterfinals of Coppa Italia
EU leaders at summit call for overhaul of international financial system
The teen, who lives in a Virginia suburb of Washington, is accused of helping a slightly older adult travel to Syria
International Committee of the Red Cross demands access to Gaza
Candles used in ceremony caused a fatal five alarm in a Brooklyn, New York
It's been a month since a "cease-fire" was due to come into effect in Syria
EPA has tested only 200 of the 80,000 chemicals
In the past, the strikes have focused on North and South Waziristan
RBS was one of three major banks British Treasury pumped $63 billion into
U.S.
Such apps could be accessed through home computers or smart phones
Worthington seems to be getting slightly less stiff as an actor
Juventus are back on top of the Serie A table after a 3-0 home win over Palermo
Former world No.
No.
Sen.
Haye is first British world heavyweight champion since Lennox Lewis
Mexican official says Sinaloa cartel was likely behind the kidnapping
Brazilian midfielder Anderson has been involved in a serious car accident in Portugal
The 22-year-old spent several hours in hospital following the accident in Braga
It's part state fair, part rodeo
Documents uncovered by CNN show $40 million in donations to Guatemala
"Corporate and vacation rentals are homes.
Alternative accommodations usually come with more space, free Wi-Fi, free laundry facilities
A shared fascination with old buildings brought the photographers together
In 1990, Thomas was charged with four counts of HIV transmission
"Not in our town" was spray-painted on the businesses, police say
Douglas obtained the narcotics at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan
Weiland met Wachtel last year while filming music videos for his Christmas album
Before diving into the wedding planning, Weiland will hit the road later this month
Four U.S. service members killed in fighting in eastern Afghanistan
China has built the world's longest high-speed rail network
He didn't veil his take on recent attacks against women
Brewer was executed for the 1998 dragging death of James Byrd Jr.
Obama sends a letter to the heads of the House and Senate
Castro intends to plead not guilty, his attorneys tell CNN affiliate WKYC
J.K.
The most vulnerable are children, who have been separated from relatives
Gen.
Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) made its demand in a statement
The two were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in the Northern Territory
LG invested $226 million in mid-2010 to create a new production facility
A sudden squall blew the swimmer off course Sunday night
Thirty-five passengers were rescued or managed to swim to safety
Vidarbha, the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra, is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis
U.S.
The U.N.
Real Mallorca moved up to fourth, recording a ninth successive home win with a 2-0 victory over Deportivo La Coruna
The restrictions were over the 15th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre
Rep.
Korena Roberts, 28, is charged with murder in Snively's death
The alleged crimes date back to before Liberman became foreign minister
World No.
U.S.
Flood waters are receding in Karachi, where eight people were reported killed
She sailed 12,000 nautical miles and became youngest person to sail around Cape Horn
Formula One legend Jackie Stewart is recovering in hospital after falling ill
First time Iraq's semi-autonomous Kurdish region has officially exported oil
Iraqi government will get the bulk of the earnings from Kurdish exports
It took seven years and the help of 60 students to build "synIII"
"The Muppets" isn't the best or the worst of Kermit's big-screen capers
Miss Piggy, in particular, is a pale shadow of the psychotic diva she used to be
Behrendt joined a mostly female writing team on "Sex and the City"
Vice President Joe Biden opened the door to a potential presidential primary challenge to Hillary Clinton
The disabled girl's remains were found after she went missing in North Carolina
If you need a new car, August is the time to shop
Stash your credit cards and live within your means all 31 days of December
World Health Organization has warned that "drastic action" is needed to halt the epidemic
Many economists are also warning the UK about a potential housing bubble
Rev.
Scientists are developing a laser that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes
Dr.
Dr.
Sen.
"They don't get it.
U.S.
The IRA admitted in 1999 to killing a number of people who have become known as "The Disappeared"
Clay rose to iconic status in the 1980s, selling out hundreds of large arenas
Air Force begins grounding a third of its fighter jet fleet
Celebrity publicist Max Clifford found guilty of indecent assaults on teenage girls
U.S.
Piotr Stancza kidnapped September 28 from Attock in Punjab province
The U.S.
In 2006, Dutt was convicted of illegally possessing an AK-56 rifle and a 9 mm pistol
In his defense, the actor has said the weapons were meant to protect his family
Halfway through 2008, the number of female suicide bombers is 20
Nigerian weightlifter Augustina Nkem Nwaokolo wins the first gold medal
Mercedes pair Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg off the pace
Sen.
800 women die every day from pregnancy and childbirth-related complications
One blood donation can save the lives of up to three people
From Dr.
Globally 1 in 10 people are without safe drinking water
A second photographer is expected to be placed under formal investigation "soon"
The defense secretary says he had "real reservations" about the intelligence
Elmina Castle is the oldest remaining slave castle in Africa
Mufid A.
"Monsters vs.
Rep.
Decoded teaches people how to code in just one day
Vince Weiguang Li will be hospitalized at a psychiatric facility
Google has been inconsistent when it comes to web video technology
Australia's iconic Tasmanian devil has been put on the endangered list
Robert Downey Jr.
The Coast Guard plucks the actor from the waters off New York's Long Island
A U.S.
Dr.
Sen.
Since January, more than 13,000 have died of complications from seasonal flu
"The meeting with Mr.
UEFA have announced the seeds for the Euro 2012 playoffs
It is just 6 feet shy of the Empire State Building
An estimated 16% of U.S. adults are infected with herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2)
The gas is not weaponized and would be difficult to use
Sen.
The Beijing branch is H&M's tenth store in mainland China
Estee Lauder's Clinique is trying to reach China's 300M netizens via the Internet
Have kids?
"That was the biggest hit the Dolphins had all night," one commenter noted
The ad rocketed to viral status Sunday when it was shown during NFL playoff games
Hara has been mulling over the idea of designer doghouses for 15 years
India will seek to become No.
Gen.
Freediving has a long history in the UAE, going back to the old days of pearl diving
The U.S.
Sen.
He rolls deepest on "Stay With Me"
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows
A mistrial was declared in Spector's first trial in September 2007
Sri Sathya Sai Baba was hospitalized last month
Sen.
Up to 10 military planes, two civil aircraft,13 ships will assist in Sunday's search
U.N.
Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says conflict may have isolated Moscow
The group attacks the construction site in a remote area
Samantha Orobator facing death by firing squad for drug trafficking
International organizations estimate that North Korea holds about 200,000 political prisoners
Hood has asked negotiators to bring his mother to the scene
Henderson cites The Lord's Prayer as the blueprint for Christians
Moore criticized a report Gupta did on CNN Monday on "Sicko"
Adm.
Army Gen.
Alaska Gov.
Sen.
The bill originally failed to gain approval because of a Democratic filibuster
Pedro Segovia says his brother is tough and untouched by how close he came to dying
Sen.
Josh Powell snatched the children and hacked them with a hatchet before an explosion engulfed his home
One person taken to hospital for evaluation after complaining of dizziness
Dr.
Marrakech is not for the timid traveler.
Rangers arrested five men and sealed off the party's headquarter for hours
MQM is based in Karachi and is one of Pakistan's largest political parties
"This is how you are brought up since birth.
U.S.
Little Rock, Arkansas, has a 70% chance of severe thunderstorms Sunday night
Americans now spend about a quarter of their online time using social networks
Deputy Kenneth Moon was alone when an inmate attacked him with no warning
"At least I'm still alive.
Saturday's seventh stage to Station des Rousses sees the race hit the medium mountains
U.N.
Sen.
Biden assured Japanese leaders he would press China over the issue
In 1994, a three-month killing spree left an estimated 800,000 people dead
Read was portrayed by Eric Bana in the 2000 film based on his exploits "Chopper"
The PackBot is an agile, battle-tested unit used for bomb dispersal
Aon will sign an eight-year contract to brand the club's training kit and United's Carrington training ground
For the 2011/2012 season, United increased revenues by £14.2 million to £117.6 million
Theodora Richards was found carrying marijuana while writing with a paint marker
T.J.
Suarez has 19 league goals this season despite missing six matches due to a ban
Lopez served as an "Idol" mentor on Latin night during the show's sixth season
A Fox spokesperson declined to comment on the reported deal with Lopez
He was arrested November 23 after being caught with 2.16 grams of the drug
Kashmir is a source of bitter dispute between India and Pakistan
The Rev.
Sgt.
Jean S.
The movie has potent sequences of aerial combat that recall Tom Cruise and his flyboys
Authorities have reported similar incidents in New Jersey, New York, Illinois and Missouri
Amine El Khalifi made a brief appearance in federal court Wednesday
El Khalifi was arrested Friday as the result of an FBI sting operation
The CDC issued a travel health warning about Mexico on Monday
The U.S.
Two soldiers killed and six wounded in attack at U.S. base in Afghanistan
R.L.
Dr.
Saeed Ali Moussavi's body was delivered to his family early Wednesday
Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone
Investigators aren't ruling out any possible motives -- political, personal or criminal
Mrs.
She's slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of President Reagan Wednesday
Sen.
Dr.
The crash also injured people on the ground, including employees at a glass factory
In the 10-year plan, TEPCO has vowed to turn a profit by March 2014
Guinness success story highlights potential for foreign investment in Africa
U.S.
GE is developing technology to recycle the solar cell material
Two spotted leopards, two Macaque monkeys and a brown bear will be returned to widow
U.S.
If coffee shops define a good college town, Berkeley has the competition beat
Terry J.
Police in the town of Grenchen uncovered the pigs Friday
Oberstar was elected in 1974 as a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party
Embraer, founded over 40 years ago, is also looking to make inroads into the U.S. defense market
Frederico Curado, head of Embraer, told CNN the company had combined "the best of both worlds"
U.S.
The Benghazi Local Council holds the government responsible for the violence
The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule
The bio has disappeared from IMDB, but Uproxx has a screenshot
U.S.
She had been admitted two days earlier after suffering a stroke
The NYPD said the surveillance never produced a terrorist lead
The steamroller was tracked down to a storage unit in northern Sydney
U.S.
Closed-circuit television footage obtained by CNN provides chilling new details
They bowed down in Islamic prayer, taking a break from incessant gunfire
Lt.
GIS Day grew out of Geography Awareness Week, an annual campaign launched in 1987
Velez has made it a point to show off his Spanish skills during his performances
Hekmati was arrested in August while visiting relatives in Iran
For most people in the United Arab Emirates, the holy month of Ramadan is a restful time
Extend the life of eyeshadow by dusting translucent powder over your lids first
Add a swipe of eyeliner across your upper lashes to define and perk up tired eyes
U.S.
The driver stabbed himself twice after the incident, but is expected to survive
Democrats who support same-sex marriage are now playing on increasingly friendly political turf
The political fight over marriage is felt most acutely, perhaps, in Iowa
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends schools start no earlier than 8:30 a.m.
Pvt.
The album's first single "Longing to Belong" will be available in digital stores tomorrow
"Water on the Road" was directed by Brendan Canty of Fugazi and Christoph Green
He could receive up to 22 years in prison
The protesters plan to wear pink clothes, carry banners and recite anti-drone chants
The drone strike program in Pakistan has long been controversial
Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15
Authorities urge motorists in north-central and northeast Iowa stay off roads
In 2004, text messaging was the primary mobile tool
Left off the list, meanwhile, were "Drive," "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close"
U.S.
Southwest Airlines jet skidded off a runway at Chicago's Midway Airport
Countrywide CEO Angelo Mozilo is set to receive $10 million
Dr.
President Barack Obama will visit the area on April 22, the one-month anniversary
On the morning of Eid, Muslims don new clothes and head to prayers
The issue of Israeli settlements derailed the last round of direct talks in 2010
Gov.
Dr.
"It is critical this study is funded and that work begins immediately," Gov.
EU force will take over the role of escorting U.N.
Breakups spike right after Cupid's big day, according to unofficial Facebook data
The Moth runs storytelling competitions in New York, Los Angeles, Detroit and Chicago
World No.
Mumford & Sons' second album will released on September 24
"We finished the record this week," says multi-instrumentalist Ben Lovett
Lovett says that the band's new album will not be tremendously different from "Sigh No More."
Hours before, Clippers owner Donald Sterling had been banned from the NBA
Knife crime in Britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killings
U.N.
Racial humor for a long time reflected official government policy
To those Australians who still find such offensive skits funny: "The Joke is on you!"
Kennedy was the unanimous selection of the committee that decides the award
Andrei Filatov, chess expert and Russian billionaire, is turning his hand to a new business
Doctors and a judge have declared her brain dead
Solange Knowles, Jay Z and his wife, Beyonce, release a statement
The new rule sets a 10-hour minimum rest period prior to a flight duty period
Both partners are betting it will add generously to the 13 million or so jobs that depend on transatlantic trade
The U.S.
Rep.
Gen.
Iran may find it difficult to put a lid on the marking of Ashura this year
"That was the toughest thing I'll ever do," Brolin tells EW
"The ambiance that Tommy creates on a set is just unparalleled," Brolin says
Off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service arrested Friday
Most reports refer to older, less sophisticated Chinese or Soviet designs
Documents said police believe Carson was subjected to a sexual assault
"Act of Valor" is the latest co-production between Hollywood and the U.S. military
The action scenes are choreographed and filmed with a level of coherence
Amazon plans to unveil a thinner Kindle with a sharper picture in August
Visible protective netting has been in place since the incident
A huge crowd gathered in London, UK on Friday for a mass "moonwalk"
St.
Robert A.
"The Artist" has been the unlikely frontrunner in the Academy Awards race
"The Help" star Viola Davis is the red-hot favorite in that race
All of which could make Sunday's ceremony the most predictable and anti-climactic
U.N.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows
Their goal is to pressure China into giving the former British colony full universal suffrage
Spain is plagued by forest and brush fires every summer
Keegan Bradley beats Jason Dufner in playoff to win U.S.
Though not huge in number, their opinions and actions are adding to the debate inside Israel
Chile came from behind to defeat Gold Cup winners Mexico 2-1
Julia Bennett, 33, was shot once in the back and died
Hundreds of police and private security guards fill the park and the surrounding area
U.S.
Service is partially a response to the closure of all bridges from Virginia to D.C.
Kurdistan Gas City will include industrial, residential and commercial buildings
Zabih al-Taifi arrested in village near Peshawar in ongoing security operations
A handful of publishers already have struck content deals with Apple for the wireless device
Newspapers and magazines have suffered as readers have migrated to the Web
Gov.
The shooting is the latest in a string of attacks between Zambian workers and Chinese managers
Theresa Parker was last seen leaving her sister's house
U.S.
One is Duncan Larcombe, royal editor at The Sun, Britain's best-selling tabloid newspaper
Prisoners reportedly set fire to their mattresses to protest living conditions
While in prison, Mandela became most significant black leader in South Africa
Barack Obama apparently met their father once
U.S.
Six suspected militants were killed in strike in North Waziristan, sources say
Some Facebook commenters have pointed out the perhaps misdirected effort
Marine Lance Cpl.
In Riau Province alone the population decreased from 1,342 in 1984 to 201 in 2007.
The variety and vibrancy of the American greeting is unrivaled
If something can be done while seated, Americans are probably going to excel at it
Muslims enraged over an alleged desecration of Quran at a Christian wedding
St.
The Asian leg of Obama's trip follows two days in Australia
Only women given food coupons and allowed to stand in line
Bosnian Serb president Radovan Karadzic is now on trial at the tribunal in The Hague.
One of the gurus, a 57-year-old Sikh preacher, was killed
World No.
Reps.
Gov.
The subtler joke being that Harold and Kumar's own ethnicity is invisible
The ex-best friends are reunited in a typically quixotic quest
Grandson of one of the last Ottoman sultans was buried Saturday
100 investigators from North and South Carolina working the case
Linkin Park's next scheduled show is Friday in Uncasville, Connecticut
Eduardo J.
Perhaps the greatest challenge facing a Romney administration would be the nation's debt
Sen.
The FDA has set the recommended daily maximum for adults at 4,000 milligrams
The day she died, she posted a picture of her breakfast to a social media website
Billionaire T.
Abbas and Netanyahu are scheduled for a meeting Tuesday in Egypt
There are plenty of ways to get the salary you deserve without lying on a job application
Rep.
Saliva spreads molecules to the taste receptors on the tongue
Ahmed Al-Shamlani Al-Anzi was sentenced to death and then "crucifixion"
Center for Reproductive Rights says it had filed a lawsuit challenging the new law
U.S.
Delta Air Lines and United Airlines are keeping bereavement policies in place
The world No.
Comedian Kevin Hart will be the first to voice turn-by-turn directions in the app
Guaira Falls was once the most powerful cataract in the world
Warner Bros.
Nobody wants to squabble on a holiday, but some family feuds are inevitable
"Sharknado 2: The Second One" debuts Wednesday on Syfy
Mexican officials condemn the shootings, saying the implications could be grim.
Holder "may have used FBI planes for his own travel when aircraft were needed for FBI operations"
Indiana state Rep.
Max had to be helicoptered to Regions Hospital in St.
"This is a victory for all the people of Panama," Martinelli says
Protest sites will be closed between the hours of 8 a.m. and 8 p.m.
Gaby Lasky, a lawyer representing village residents, said the military order is illegal
"She just placed a single case on hold.
Jeanne A.
Dreamworks Animation's "Monsters vs.
Psychedelic Pill is Young's second album of 2012 with the Horse
For most of its near-90 minutes, Psychedelic Pill is an infuriated trip
The 3-D centerfold will appear in the June issue, which hits newsstands Friday
The subject of the photos is 51st Playmate of the Year Hope Dworaczyk
Over on NBC, a preview of "1600 Penn" performed somewhat modestly
"2 Broke Girls" slipped due to "The Voice" expanding into the 9 p.m.
The clip features NASCAR racer Brad Keselowski in his car taking a picture of the scene
United Nations sends police and military patrols to a camp in western Sudan
You should get a Verizon iPhone if you really care about voice quality and calls
AT&T iPhone is better as a media-consumption device
Even in the largest city, Yangon, only two-thirds of the population is connected to the grid
Myanmar's new policy, the government says, is to keep it at home
Davis: Enough to using Texas as a political laboratory for testing far-right ideas.
In southwest Austin, 10 homes suffered major damage
Global production of helium has sharply fallen this year in the US and Algeria
Around one in four Nigerians carries the sickle cell gene
TWC had mounted an aggressive effort to persuade the MPAA to reverse its initial ratings verdict
"Bully," tells the stories of several children who were victimized by classmates
Bhutto wrote e-mail on October 26, eight days after deadly suicide bombing
Bhutto was concerned problem was worsening as elections neared, Siegel says
AbdulMutallab smuggled a bomb in his underwear aboard a commercial airliner
"The Price is Right" is holding a contest to find its first male model
Viewers will pick the winner by voting online through October 4 at Priceisright.com
Results based on national telephone survey of more than 78,000 parents
Sen.
Rep.
The U.S.
"They're starting to take those next steps into adulthood," says MTV's executive VP
Last week, the cast reunited in Seaside Heights after an 11-month hiatus
Passengers describe the engines spooling up and the nose tilting up
China's march into space underscores growing financial and military clout
Jack Bauer was a big trending topic on Twitter Sunday in light of the Bin Laden news
Mrs.
200 cars washed into Sea of Marmara; 800 homes and businesses flooded
The U.N.
Rivers goes up against poker champion Annie Duke in finale
"Teratoma" comes from the Greek word "teraton," meaning "monster".
U.S.
The teenager kept her rape ordeal secret for 10 days
Greece has teetered on the edge of defaulting on its debts
Democratic Sen.
Eric Holder had named Breuer to oversee the Deepwater Horizon Task Force in 2010
World No.
One in three women worldwide has experienced sexual abuse or violence
In all, 20 people jump into the water off the coast of Sicily
The boat was carrying people from areas of unrest in the Middle East
President Bush issued commutations for both men during his final days in office
Their cases became flashpoints in the controversy over border security
Japan is advising against prescribing Tamiflu to youngsters aged 10 to 19
People who want insurance by January 1 need to sign up by December 15
"Mars Needs Moms" is a great, jaunty adventure about an unruly kid named Milo
U.S.
Hong Kong had raised its level of preparedness for an influenza pandemic to "serious"
Human infections from the H7N9 strain of bird flu first emerged in Shanghai in March this year
He made the comments when he met with a U.S. congressional delegation
In recent years, the Iraqi authorities have reopened Babylon to tourists
933 pounds of methamphetamine with estimated value of $44,641,000 recovered
"Recovery" sold another 116,000 copies to claim No.
Recovery now has the most weeks at No.
Iron Maiden scored their best-ever chart performance at No.
U.N.
Growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010, report says
"Tower Heist" is the cinematic version of a Trump property
iReport.com: Do you still smoke?
Dr.
The weapons were found in a shipping container in Dubai's port
Like a number of nations in the Middle East and North Africa, Yemen has experienced growing unrest
Carbon trading is said to be one way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
The exact date of the festival is based on the alignment of the moon, the stars and the planets
The festival is driving up sales in India's jewelry shops, one merchant says
"I'm not alone.
Democratic Rep.
Gen.
Over the past three years a drought has affected large swaths of the U.S.
Justice Department turned over nearly 65,000 pages of documents on Fast and Furious
Rep.
"Hobbit" dipped only 11 percent to bring in $32.9 million
"Jack Reacher" rounded out the Top 5 with $14.0 million
School meals will have to offer fruits and vegetables to students every day
Globally, 5 million young people between the ages of 15 and 24 are living with HIV
But when you're having this much fun, why quibble?
Sen.
Sen.
But the Kremlin staunchly denies accusations that it's targeting political opponents
Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15
U.S.
Pacific Adventurer sustained damage when Cyclone Hamish struck
Puerto Ricans have a higher rate of alcohol abuse than other Latinos, expert says
ISIS was expelled from al Qaeda in February
There are still plenty of places where al Qaeda supporters are active
His trial is set for early November, with the government seeking the death penalty
Rory Fallon scored the only goal of the game to help New Zealand qualify for the World Cup for the first time since 1982
The helmet dates to the late 1st to 2nd century A.D.
HP Slate 500 Tablet PC is just that, a PC
Obama says U.S.
If convicted on all counts, John Edwards could face 30 years in prison
Richard Rockefeller, 65, was the only one aboard the Piper PA-46-500TP Meridian aircraft
The U.S.
The outbreak is the deadliest food-borne illness outbreak in the United States since 1998
Do you have important news?
Turkish television showed footage of gendarme officers raiding the villa
Michael Schumacher will retire from Formula One at the end of the season
Closing arguments are set for Wednesday
Gov.
Shares of scandal-plagued Olympus rallied after three board members quit
Chairman Tsuyoshi Kikukawa, Vice President Hisashi Mori and Auditor Hideo Yamada quit
Nicholas J.
Dr.
Kandel won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work
Many contacts' addresses were missing or vague
Rogers is a known critic of the U.S.
30-minute recorded message broadcast on al-Raei Iraqi satellite television
CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice
U.S. says he has helped finance the insurgency against U.S. troops in Iraq
Myra Lewis was reported missing by her family on March 1
Despite the perils of a long commute, most people in the United States drive to work
Joplin's public school district has canceled classes for the rest of the year
Sen.
Indictment unsealed in Hawaii accuses employees of a California-based company
Obama's approval rating at 64 percent in CNN poll of polls in January
CNN poll of polls is an average of seven national surveys taken over the past week
Dulmatin had a $10 million bounty on his head, according to U.S.
Obama pushed to eliminate subsidized student loans
Egypt has reiterated its commitment to honoring its accords with Israel
Anyone who violates the new rules will have their account suspended
U.S.
"Mad Men" delivered 3.5 million viewers for its two-hour premiere
That's up 21 percent from 2010â€²s fourth-season premiere, the show's previous all-time high
"Mad Men's" production was delayed due to a protracted renewal negotiation
Eric Betzig, Stefan W.
Paris St.
U.S.
Kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight
Gen.
Clashes have erupted in days leading up to the vote
"BINGO!"
Players will get to "use the Force, wield a Lightsaber, and blast away Pigtroopers"
BREN was the tallest free-standing structure west of the Mississippi River
"Sooners are not racists.
In March, seven Marines were killed when a mortar round exploded in Nevada
iReport.com: Are you getting the H1N1 vaccine?
Gen.
Sen.
Russian firm Orbital Technologies plans to open the first space hotel
The hotel, or "Commercial Space Station," will float 250 miles above Earth
To check in, tourists will have to undergo special training that can take up to three months
Germany's Martin Kaymer claims 92nd PGA Championship at Whistling Straits
The Frenchman finished eighth in the drivers' championship on 96 points
U.S.
The FBI warns of a higher risk of cyber attacks
Authorities worldwide continue to ground the aircraft amid safety concerns
Tens of millions of the worm-like larvae have appeared in northern areas
Berenson has served nearly 15 years of 20-year sentence
Do you know a hero?
Early episodes of the third season indicate a change of direction might be afoot
Organizers say the concept marks a first of its kind collaboration between art and top-class sailing
Sen.
Judge: Chris Brown must stay in jail for at least another week
Downey's rep confirmed to EW that the star would be fine
To avoid inflaming hostilities, Lebanese history textbooks stop in 1943
Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami alert
Negroponte founded One Laptop per Child in 2005
There are 1 million gay families raising 2 million kids in the United States
It does not seek public release of the sex tape
Two U.S.
CDC reported higher levels of flu activity than the average for mid-May
The development has been praised for its forward thinking sustainable design
Kitterman found bound, blindfolded and fatally stabbed
"Fashion Police" will resume in January 2015
They say they are being lured here by the regionÂ´s relatively strong and stable economies
The U.S.
Slovenia's Igor Simcic and his yacht Esimit Europa 2 win Maxi Rolex Cup
Greg Plitt died on Saturday after being hit by a commuter train in Burbank, California.
The operation targeted people accessing indecent images of children online
The operation comes amid public concern over the issue of sexual abuse of children
Most of the adoption cases were at end of bureaucratic process before quake
Brewer suffered burns over 65% of his body and was hospitalized for more than two months
U.S.
Critics say the agencies have lost their ability to independently judge risk on certain investments
1909 card of Pittsburgh Pirate shortstop Honus Wagner is one of only about 50 in existence
The card is rare because Wagner made the American Tobacco Company recall it
Nearly half of all 12-year-olds in U.S. are using social network sites
Facebook has no mechanisms to detect whether a teen is telling the truth or not
Murphy addressed reports that he stormed out of the Oscars
Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared during family vacation in Portugal
Todd Palin, nine aides found in contempt by Alaska Senate for failing to appear
The first person murdered in retaliation for 9/11 was a Sikh
"Paying for what you spend is basic common sense," Obama says
Rep.
Some costs would be exempt, including Medicare payments to doctors
"I love the black Barbie.
Marcel Hirscher extends his overall lead in the men's World Cup with slalom victory
Turkey's prime minister warns of a shadowy foreign conspiracy aimed at toppling him
"Mr.
The young men climbed a section of the six-meter-tall, chain-link fence
About 500 made it in, and they were soon running toward an immigrant holding center in Melilla
On Wednesday, Madrid sent 120 additional police and civil guards to Melilla
Known as restaveks, these poor children are sent by their families to other homes
Report: NSA's Section 702 program is still lawful, "valuable and effective"
A small, private ceremony was held at the actor's home in the West Indies
Willis and Heming will have a civil ceremony when they return to California
Willis' first wife, Demi Moore and her husband, Ashton Kutcher, attended the wedding
The pilot will air as a special "NCIS: LA" episode later this season
Each ship has two interactive floors on board for kids and tweens
Republican Sen.
Demonstrators mark anniversary of anti-Putin movement at an unsanctioned protest
Turnout was significantly lower than last winter's rallies, which attracted more than 100,000
Arsenal and Valencia win on the first day of the Emirates Cup
Thursday's arrests are part of a series of cases being built by the federal government
Visiting presepju, or nativity scenes, is an integral part of Christmas in Malta
1830s - The term "lame duck" arrives in the United States
2 - The number of times a lame duck House chose the president and vice president in disputed elections
Sen.
"Our thoughts are with the family at this difficult time," the Foreign Office says
Flooding in China's north and south has left at least 107 dead
Three provinces in China's northeast bore the brunt of the floods
People's Liberation Army mobilized to carry out rescue work.
Russian animal rights activists accuse authorities of campaign to exterminate street dogs
Reports of the widespread culling of animals put city and Olympic officials on the defensive
"Mr.
The plane recovered and landed safely the second time around
Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher are reportedly expecting a baby
Ukraine is mired in a political crisis that has led to the Prime Minister's resignation
Philadelphia's 218 public schools will now open their doors on September 9
NEW: Nick Brooks is charged with attempted murder and strangulation
Memorial foundation "is focused on honoring the victims and their families in a way free of politics"
"Joke?
In unrelated incident, two men were shot dead in a Toys "R" Us in California
Sen.
He explained other Saudi militants in Yemen also wished to surrender
U.S.
The three were on a back-country trek near Revelstoke in British Columbia
He became the youngest world No.
Aristocratic wives were once told they needed to provide an "heir and a spare" at least
"Mad Max: Fury Road" is set to hit theaters on May 15, 2015
Authorities fear the toll will grow higher
Panjshir is a small, mountainous province
Gov.
Tyler Hayes Weinman charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty
The bill will move to the full Senate floor Friday afternoon
Bodies of Willie Tom, 44, and Celine Fu, 29, were discovered Friday afternoon
Several onlookers saw the pair riding together on a personal watercraft
The San Francisco 49ers beat the Denver Broncos 24-16 at Wembley Stadium
The planet, known as CoRoT-7b, was detected early last year
Most of the fans stay in character the entire night
Gov.
The State Department does not have independent confirmation of the death
Etan disappeared on May 25, 1979, a month before Hernandez left New York
In 1990, Thomas was charged with four counts of HIV transmission
For $25 a year, Match drops any track from iTunes directly into Apple's iCloud
U.N.
Unite says it will not be calling for any industrial action following the talks
It features the bare minimum; a fireplace, a couch and a canopy bed with thick woolly blankets
U.N.
China is poised to produce more cars than Europe in 2013 for the first time
Hear about the "r" word, and see how a possible recession could be fought
Learn why a Florida family is balking at a statewide baseball rule
Consider what it would be like to have a national anthem without lyrics
Both series got a big boost from films
Inspectors suspended dairy's license to sell raw milk on August 4
By CNN's count, at least 20 women have gone public with accusations
Austin Tice last contacted his family on August 13 while in Syria
A Saudi court had ruled the 19-year-old had an "illegitimate relationship"
Last week, North Korea's government branded Park's election as fraudulent
Experts point out that it's hard to quantify racial attitudes
Democrats typically get close to 90 percent of the African-American vote
Bhutto was assassinated in a gun-suicide attack in December 2007
Likely explanation for emergence of new virus is gorilla-to-human transmission
Former President George W.
Moscow is regularly ranked among the world's most expensive cities
U.S.
Police closed streets near London's Canary Wharf financial district
Bomb disposal experts were called in to make the V1 missile safe
Hundreds of unexploded bombs from the war are buried across the country
Each Monsieur comes with 12 themes, such as "bachelorette party," "Irish pub" or "cigar bar"
New sketches from a company have proposed the creation of a floating cemetery
Wet n' Wild Sydney will feature the only wave machine producing 10-foot barrel wave
U.N.
The film is likely to top $60 million by the time the Presidents Day holiday weekend is over
Newer browsers support downloadable fonts so sites can use more
The future of Europe, as well as the United States, depends on a cohesive global economy
Spanish employers are pushing for a profound reform of the country's rigid labour market
Familia Michoacana blamed for killing more than 30 federal police officers recently
The previous record for a work of art sold at an auction was Edvard Munch's "The Scream"
Craft beer produced by independent breweries on smaller scale than the multinationals
Robert O'Neill initially wasn't slated to be part of team that would raid compound
Katrina spurred unprecedented response from entertainment world that continues
Hubble is not expected to resume full operations until late summer
Hundreds of students carried banners demanding release of Muntadhar al-Zaidi
British flag has long been a flashpoint between British loyalists and Irish nationalists
He killed his wife and tried to cover it up by burning down their house
The final tally was 167 votes in favor, 128 opposed, with four abstentions
Annan will brief the U.N.
U.S.
Colony Capital got a major stake when it bailed Jackson out of financial trouble in 2008
Two leading sports officials sanctioned by IOC over cash payments
Gov.
Brewer's signature comes less than a month after she signed immigration law
North and South Korea to hold three days of talks on reunions for families
Fragment was analyzed by outside expert, will go on to state DNA lab
Under the deal, Rajoelina will serve as president along with two new co-presidents
Ravalomanana had pledged to reject any accord that allowed his successor to be the sole leader of the country
Iran announced Monday that it has built its first ballistic missile silos
Sen.
Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006
Democrats say secret holds keep Obama administration from being able to effectively govern
Kibby is accused of forcing the victim to wear an anti-bark shock dog collar
The operation comes three days after government troops retook Jaar and Zinjibar towns
The Justice Department urged the high court to stay out of the current fight
The privacy group has the option of going back to lower courts
In 2010, more than 100 schoolgirls and teachers were sickened in similar poisonings
The defendants face a maximum of 15 years in prison
U.S.
The date marks the anniversary of the end of World War I
Greg Melville converted a 1985 diesel Mercedes to run on vegetable oil
Microsoft has sold more than 10 million Kinect systems for the Xbox 360
Recent military operation has resulted in more than 180 militant casualties
Mogadishu the site of violence between Ethiopian troops and Islamist fighters
Dr.
Almost 33 million Android devices were targeted by malware in 2012
She was one of nine people injured by police gunfire and ricocheting bullets
City officials were not immediately available to comment
K2 or Spice, when smoked, gives users a marijuana-like high
Plame's identity as a CIA operative was exposed in July 2003
The Republican nominee has not specified publicly on favorites for the court
Many names are relatively young judges appointed by George W.
The Club America striker was shot in the head in Mexico City during the early hours of Monday morning
New York Gov.
Tensions in the region have eased since a peak last month
Ferguson was arrested and charged with endangering the welfare of a child
Many state and local officials support the initiative to have the sites recognized
The National Register of Historic Places recognize places worthy of preservation
Drawings all date from around 1908 and 1909, when Hitler was a "penniless dropout"
"Dear Mom, Love Cher" will focus on the singer's family history
The documentary features a never-before-heard duet performance with Holt and Cher
Clifton Davis sang "Never Can Say Goodbye," a hit he wrote for The Jackson 5
Kony now ranks as one of the International Criminal Court's most wanted men
The threat to civilization comes primarily from the increase of the level of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere, he says
Griffin: The burning of coal, oil, and natural gas has made the planet warmer than it had been since the rise of civilization 10,000 years ago
Brown presided over a reality TV show based on court case arbitration for 15 years
U.S.
Pyongyang test-fired four such missiles off the east coast Thursday
Derrick Praileau, 29, faces second-degree murder charges
U.N.
"We are just going to do the best we can," says Michelle
It also makes Streisand the first artist to have a No.
7 -- The number of times the constitutionally-mandated inauguration date has fallen on a Sunday.
Up to 800,000 -- Estimated number of people that will attend Obama's second inauguration.
More than 1.8 million -- Estimated number of people that attended Obama's first inauguration.
The U.S.
Since 2003, the World Health Organization has confirmed 404 human cases
The method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those, 10 were new
"I was one lucky man today.
Wealth, access to healthcare, and education are all closely linked to longer lifespans
Researcher collected the birth, death, and inauguration dates of every American president
Two-thirds of presidents lived (or are living) longer than their projected lifespans
Dr.
Many Zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting local currency
The talks are designed to set the stage for higher-level discussions
U.N.
Interpol issued an international arrest warrant for Sanclemente in March
About 28,000 customers, most in Humboldt County, left without power
Mugabe laughed and mugged for reporters as he cast his ballot at a high school
Cirque du Soleil's "Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour" makes its Los Angeles debut Friday
Other suspects can expect police "on their doorstep" soon, top investigator says
The floodwaters cover an area the size of France and Germany combined
McCarthy has been on the daytime talk show 17 times -- eight as a co-host
People with diabetes were twice as likely to develop Alzheimer's disease
The highest sum is reserved for Boko Haram leader
Next generation will sport new version of Apple's A4 chip with dual-core processing unit
The arrests come just ahead of the proclamation of Spain's new King Felipe VI on Thursday
350 U.S.
Incumbent Goodluck Jonathan is the front-runner
Rep.
A strike from Karim Benzema and an AndrÃ©s Guardado own goal seal victory
Boxee Box plugs into your TV and allows you to search and store Web content
"Last Gadget Standing" pits 10 products against each other in "American Idol"-like competition
U.S.
Husband: "She wasn't involved, she didn't have anything to do with this!"
John Paul Stevens, Clarence Thomas disagreed over whether to grant a stay of execution
Norovirus is often called the "stomach flu" or "food poisoning"
More than 4 million people live in "mine-contaminated" areas in Afghanistan
U.S.
Michael Jordan has been hit with a fine by the NBA
"Squeaky" Fromme was convicted in 1975 of pointing a gun at then-President Ford
According to reports, she for years waived her right to a parole hearing
A boating scene shared by both of Gellar's characters attracted negative criticism
"We are occupying until poverty is eradicated," says pastor Jamal Harrison Bryant
The two groups plan to gather during a national "day of action" scheduled for January 16
Jeffs refers to having sexual relations with him as "heavenly sessions"
But behind the castle walls there is cause for concern
Van der Sar won a record 130 Dutch caps
The U.S.
For her talent portion, she sang Pharrell Williams' "Happy"
Rep.
Roger Federer is out of the Rogers Cup after losing to Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga
Morton is the co-founder of Revolution Muslim, a radical group based in New York City
Brad Blauser's Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids has distributed nearly 650 free wheelchairs
"Disabled children -- they're really the forgotten ones in this war," he said
"I just had not been feeling well and wanted to get checked out," Daniels says
Moscow is trying to prevent a currency crisis turning into an economic catastrophe
Hekmati has been sentenced to 10 years in prison, his sister says
George R.R.
Mali was plunged into chaos in March after a military ruler overthrew the president
U.S.
His family is now weighing whether to remove him from life support
Earlier Tuesday, an Israeli official said the captain had agreed to divert to Egypt
The museum was scheduled to open on the 11th anniversary of the terror attacks
Federal investigators are urging collectors and museums in the United States
The items are believed to have been looted from temples in the Tamil Nadu region of India
Rep.
GOP will be seeking to reclaim the congressional majorities it lost in 2006
Yemen crude oil exports are the mainstay of the impoverished country's economy
Acevedo is accused of strangling 30-year-old Pamela Pemberton
Scientists at Ohio's Cleveland Clinic tout prototype vaccine to prevent breast cancer
Different districts in Japanese cities have varying training regimen for geisha
The U.S.
O'Neal was arrested on charges of bringing narcotics to a jail facility
It was not clear whether O'Neal posted bail, which was set at $25,000
"I've seen rage from him.
U.S.
U.N.
Z-Tov sells the 8GB iPhone for about 2,000 NIS, or about U.S.
Apple has yet to make its presence official in Israel
Regions across the Peruvian and Bolivian Andes have traditional fighting festivals
Police not ready to call disappearance a criminal investigation
Rich Behm one of three Cowboys staffers seriously hurt Saturday
Behm's spinal cord severed by a fractured vertebrae, paralyzing him from waist down
The deadliest tornado year on record is 1925, which had 794 deaths
Sen.
The Census Bureau has released its tally of Hispanics in 33 states
Three aid workers have been shot over the last day in Somalia, two of them fatally
Nurburgring confirmed as venue for 2013 German Grand Prix
CCTV shows unarmed aboriginal man lying on the ground surrounded by officers
Taser guns emit an electrical current which temporarily disables the victim
"Continue your life as normal.
NEW: More than 140 flights have been canceled at Changel International Airport
Capt.
Massachusetts law requires a special election for Kennedy's seat within 160 days
Jonathan Biabiany scored twice as Parma drew 2-2 away to Genoa to keep hold of fourth position
Interpol Web site logged 30 times more visitors than in an average day
D.C.
Manchester City misfit Robinho makes a winning second debut for Santos
More than 350 questions were submitted
Chelsea re-open five point lead at the top of the English Premier League
CDC has not identified what food or foods might be causing this outbreak
Wayne Coldiron and Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr.
The homemade bomb killed Brig.
Last week, two Egyptian police officers were injured during an attack near Cairo
Godinez was charged along with five other defendants
The mothers in the study averaged about 400 calories more per day than other women
For the mothers, less exercise and less-healthy diets added up to a higher BMI
Lucas told Page Six that he hasn't watched the teaser
The girl's stepbrother has been charged with sexual abuse
U.N.
Dr.
Small electrodes are implanted into the brain to stimulate affected regions
There hasn't been a new class of TB drugs developed in 40 years
"We ask that passengers follow the instructions of international security and flight crews," TSA says
An official with the TSA told CNN that screening likely will take longer
Two U.S.
British forces launched a similar offensive in the province in late June
The 5-4 conservative-liberal bench has the option of ruling broadly or narrowly
Banker caught looking at photos of semi-nude model on live TV
Al Sadd first Qatari football club to win Asian Champions League title
Event features 40 films that show how Latinos have been depicted on the big screen
The spike reverses a steady decline in the number of suicides
Japan was struck by a devastating earthquake and tsunami on March 11
Miss South Africa Rolene Strauss is crowned Miss World on Sunday
Nine players shared the lead after the opening round of the PGA Tour's Northern Trust Open
Each side blames the other for the violence, which erupted near two temples
Cambridge asks applicants: "What would you do if you were a magpie?"
It's been a year since the Occupy Wall Street movement sprang up
Girls compete to become the "hottest, coolest, most famous bimbo"
Sen.
Pope John Paul II closer to sainthood after Pope Benedict XVI signs decree recognizing late pontiff's "heroic virtues"
South Korea, U.S.
U.N.
As of July, Mexican trucks had made fewer than 100 long-haul trips into the U.S.
U.S.
Hartig: There are lots of times where I feel depressed or lonely
"Every day is a work day for her, so every day is a work day for the rest of us," says O'Neill
U.S.
Sen.
The case was the first of several high-profile missing children cases
CNN could not independently authenticate bin Laden as the speaker in the video
One of Xi's most applauded moves has been an intensified fight against corruption
Capt.
He was sentenced to two years in prison
Prices for the suite range between $1,300 and $2,600 depending on the package
Sen.
Sen.
U.N.
The program meets several young rappers to hear some of the sounds of Morocco's urban rage.
Lakewood is about 70 miles south of New York
Sen.
Moyes has never won a trophy with Everton
South Korean shop owners are launching a nationwide boycott of Japanese products
Oklahoma City is the site of the worst terrorist attack on U.S.
The 1995 bombing of the state capital's federal building left 168 dead
Rep.
Country struggling with Islamist revolt, refugee crisis and rampant lawlessness
The U.S.
Dykstra admitted he had sold items from his mansion after creditors seized property
"I had never in my life seen such a disaster"
St.
U.S.
The authenticity of the tape could not immediately be verified
Mars has been nominated for 14 Grammys and has sold over 115 million singles
The bus and a car collided near Washington's Tidal Basin just off the National Mall
It's accessible by boat or seaplane from points in Michigan and Minnesota
After the coup, free market economic policies were pursued with vigor
"We are not endorsing these groups at all," said the official
"Grieve with us.
Staff Sgt.
Pojaman Shinawatra, 51, and Thaksin went into exile in July
U.N.
Cassidy published more than 8,000 tweets about Zeoli often wishing death upon her
King ordered that mosque be rebuilt
If e-books encourage people to read more, that's good for public libraries
The U.S.
The former star of the TV series "The Partridge Family" was released on $2,500 bail
The tubers mimic the way the human body responds to electronic signals
"Songs in the Key of Life: An All-Star Grammy Salute" aired Monday
Tread designs are first tested for traction in "virtual reality"
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs may appear on a U.S. postage stamp in 2015
Coup and coup attempts have taken place repeatedly in Guinea-Bissau
Feld Entertainment plans to retire elephants from its circuses
"It would not be someone's hair but something in someone's hair," she said
"Best of the Best" program designed to train computer experts to defend against cyber attacks
U.S.
The swap is expected to take place early this week
Moderate opposition groups appear to have suffered a series of setbacks this month
Secular Syrian activists have been warning of the rise of Islamist groups
Some want to tie elements of "Gang of Six" proposal to McConnell-Reid measure
The massive donut-like structure will be 10 stories, five above ground and five underground
A blogger who endured a stint in an Egyptian prison for his writings has been freed
The former law student at Cairo's Al-Azhar University is a critic of conservative Muslims
ISIS actually justified its enslavement of Yazidis in its own online magazine
McCord opted for a hot pink two-piece paired with multiple bracelets
Bree (Cross) was on trial for allegedly killing Gaby's abusive stepfather
"The Hobbit" earned an estimated $13 million from midnight showings
Included in "The Hobbit's" midnight figure is $1.6 million from IMAX theaters
The U.S.
"She popped into my head every time I got back to the bench," former teammate says
More than 2 million people have died of AIDS this year
Apple CEO Tim Cook said iPod is a "large and important product" for the company
Rep.
A lack of confidence in the process has moved into higher gear
The Rolling Stones blend past and present on "Doom and Gloom"
Malawi means "flames of fire" in the local language
Of the 15 million people that call the country home, 85% live in rural areas
Ebola symptoms typically appear eight to 10 days after infection
R.J.
He was released along with Alan Gross, in exchange for three convicted Cuban spies
Dr.
U.S.
Gov.
Will Ferrell wished Conan a happy birthday with booty shorts and a Leprechaun dance
O'Brien's new series, "Conan," premieres on TBS at 11 p.m.
Thousands of people took to the streets to protest rising food prices
Adm.
The attack prompted outrage on social media under the hashtag #mydressmychoice
World Bank cuts China's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent
China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November
"You are a free man.
"My dad is Mitt's hero," G.
U.S.
The factory became operational earlier this year, producing four different kinds of products
Barack Obama is reading about Franklin Roosevelt's first 100 days
Northup's memoir, "12 Years a Slave," won best picture at this year's Oscars
Rep.
A bowling alley was installed in the White House as a birthday gift to Truman
Former French national coach Raymond Domenech is suing French Football Federation
Orman hasn't said which party he would caucus with in the Senate
Saniewska kept those early photos to herself "out of respect," she said
Saniewska hopes that those viewing the photos will get to see another side of Gaga
Sgt.
Sen.
Lady Gaga dethroned Britney Spears in 2010 -- back when 5 million followers was a big deal
Roughly 2% of genomes of non-Africans today come from Neanderthal species
"There's an easier way to get things done around here," Obama says
U.S.
Hossack returned to the band in 1987 and was a mainstay until 2010
Democratic Rep.
Negotiators had been scrambling to reach a deal before a Monday night deadline
Sens.
With almost 700 miles of coastline, state of Bahia is loaded with spectacular beaches
Four residents and two police officers were killed, and 20 others injured
Vonn extends her overall lead to 192 points over Maria Riesch of Germany
Check out more great travel tips and destinations at Five To Go
U.N.
Britain and the Netherlands bailed out savers in their countries who lost money
Taylor Mitchell was at the Skyline Trail in Cape Breton Highlands National Park
Mitchell was nominated for Young Performer of the Year by Canadian Folk Music Awards
She lost her leg to bone cancer at age 5
The football star has been in police custody since he was arrested on June 26
Dubai's fortunes have revived since real estate crash and debt restructuring
Facebook has just announced a new mobile application for feature phones
The app gives users a better, almost smartphone-like Facebook experience
Users will be able to use the Facebook app without incurring data charges
Aguilera, 30, remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition
Cee Lo Green, Adam Levine and Blake Shelton will continue to work alongside Aguilera
FBI has created a group of agents, analysts to examine new threats
Korean Air was established as a private airline in March 1969
It is a founding member of SkyTeam, the global airlines alliance
"We still feel that Robert Champion was murdered," he says
Gulf of Aden, off northern Somalia, has the highest risk of piracy in the world
The tribesmen are part of a small force fighting al Qaeda
The disease has killed 67 people this year in Rio de Janeiro state
United States imports billions of dollars in Chinese products each year
Dr.
If your smart cover hails from early 2011, try taking it back to the Apple store
Iselle has already delivered 11 inches of rain on the Big Island
About 10 million people are at risk of starvation in the Horn of Africa region
Between 1969 and 1973, they filmed more than 500 reels of Super 8
Turkey No.
Turkey No.
Turkey No.
Sgt.
T-39N took off from Pensacola Naval Air Station in Florida
President George W.
Superstorm Sandy engulfed 80% of her inventory in 4 feet of water
U.S.
Cambodia has declared Thursday a national day of mourning
The half-hour game show will be set in Las Vegas
Australian passports used by members of alleged assassination crew
Al-Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room January 20
The last lunar eclipse to happen on the day of the winter solstice was in 1638.
Foreign auditing firms will have to appoint a Chinese national as their chief partner in China
Retired Lt.
"Zero Dark Thirty" fell only 28 percent in its sophomore weekend of wide release
"Silver Linings Playbook" performed very nicely in its nationwide expansion
Anne M.
Rep.
The second season premiere of "Beverly Hills" is still on track for September 5
The attorney tried more than 300 cases in 21 states
U.S.
This flimsy vanity project cruelly exposes the Material Girl's limitations
Andrea Riseborough miraculously makes Wallis Simpson interesting
The White House lifted a veto threat after changes in detainee language
Footage shown at British Film Institute's annual "Missing Believed Wiped" event
Squeaks & rattles usually occur as a result of two parts rubbing together
Texas Gov.
The justices turned aside Charles Hood's challenge of his conviction
Various state courts rejected the assertion the affair cost Hood a fair trial
The election was one of the tightest competitions in recent years
Start-up Dentaku can turn any object - from vegetables to furniture - into an instrument
Tamaulipas is one of Mexico's most active states when it comes to drug trafficking
Demonstration was staged in a government-controlled area of the city
"To be nominated to this post is both astonishing and exciting," he says
One L.
One L.
"Everyone grieves differently," said Kristi Cooper, a family life field specialist
The show began its run on Fox owned and operated stations
In May, Fox canceled the show as a weekly Saturday series
The company received two reports of children who sucked the whistles into their mouths
It's asking customers to "immediately take the whistle away from children"
Auckland police have yet to confirm the nature of the allegation
Sen.
Japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in Iraq by the end of the year
Japanese Navy continues refueling missions in support of coalition in Afghanistan
C.K.
Both vessels, HMS Vanguard, Le Triomphant, armed with nuclear warheads
U.S.
Temples in Thailand typically have morticians who prepare bodies for cremation
The incident continues an ongoing feud between conservation agencies and Japanese whaling fleets
Adams is now a prominent politician who helped broker peace in Northern Ireland
Non-citizens three times more likely to be uninsured than U.S.-born residents
The relationship between Obama and Netanyahu has been strained
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows
Greenwell and the Romeros were arrested and charged with aggravated kidnapping
Oprah will answer questions shared by visitors to the Facebook Live event wall
In the first recording, an unidentified officer talks to Slager about what might happen
Repeal "not gonna happen" even if GOP takes Senate, Ohio Gov.
"If there was ever a recipe for disaster, this is it," Sen.
Cambodia is categorized as a destination country for foreign child sex tourists
Eric Holder is a former federal prosecutor, deputy attorney general
New York girl had to be treated with a drug cocktail to prevent HIV and hepatitis
The women from Greenpeace said they dodged security guards
Greenpeace campaign aims to turn the area around the North Pole into a global sanctuary
Capt.
Sen.
Every year around 65,000 horses are crammed into trucks and transported across Europe
Bodies found January 12 in apartment in El Reno, Oklahoma
U.S.
"I decided to defend Sinjar, not to fight.
"The Lorax" dipped 41 percent in its third weekend to $22.8 million
"John Carter" dropped by 55 percent in its sophomore frame to third place and $13.5 million
Jason Derulo has been forced to cancel all upcoming promotions and his world tour
U.N.
Camps are home to an estimated quarter of a million people
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli charged with violent conduct by English FA
Sgt.
Maj.
Australian 400m hurdler Jana Rawlinson has had her breast implants removed
Rawlinson won the 400m hurdles at the 2003 Paris world championships and four years later in Osaka.
Homosexuality is illegal in most African nations
"Final Fantasy XIII-2" returns players to Cocoon in search of Lightning
Dutchman Ewold Horn, 52, is still being held by the Abu Sayyaf militant group
Most of them took place off east coast of Somalia and in Gulf of Aden
Somali pirates are still holding four ships for ransom
Other trouble spots were waters off Nigeria, Malaysia and Bangladesh
Sen.
Zombies never been bigger, evidenced by series, "The Walking Dead"
U.S.
Apple on Tuesday announced a new Mac Pro high-end desktop
However, North Korean officials say South Korea had asked for a series of summits
Any form of success or notoriety means everything in your life is fair game
Military checkpoints have since been set up in an effort to apprehend five men
It's the first time since 1996 that an automaker has fully challenged a recall demand
"The Informant!"
She has 18 gold, 16 platinum and 56 multiplatinum digital singles awards
Casablanca bombings in 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers
St.
More than 700 million watched China's Lunar New Year TV gala this year
Air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane landed
A change of leadership in Beijing will not have much impact in Europe
One of the suspects is believed to have conducted more than 12 attacks since July
Rates for some three-bedroom vacation homes start at just $99 per night
Dozens of people are feared to be trapped in the rubble
Capt.
The U.S.
The department also sanctions two shipping companies and two shipping officials
Nestle is moving closer to a possible sale of U.S.-listed company Alcon
Cristiano Ronaldo nets twice as Real Madrid cut gap on Spanish leaders Barcelona
Chinese officials are no longer able to use public money to send mooncakes as gifts
The new restriction is part of a campaign against corruption
Clinton's use of private email was never hidden from anyone
Experts have said it doesn't appear Clinton violated federal laws
Jetstar Pacific is partly owned by Qantas Airlines of Australia
Children get homework help, learn to read or listen to stories and geography lessons
Do you know a hero?
U.S.
Iran is this week celebrating the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution
Iran used to be a popular resort for Lupine's customers.
Money will be used to purchase supplies and scale up emergency operations
At its highest point, the roller coaster is 153 feet
"It's really shocking that it's 2013 and there are still 'firsts' for women," Alsop says
U.S.
Defending champions Spain also through after securing 3-0 lead over Kazakhstan
Obama did mention past U.S.
W.R.
U.S.
"Tough and unpredictable" and "admittedly difficult" were two phrases used by Democrats.
A.J.
China's foreign ministry says Japanese diplomat "ignorant, unreasonable and arrogant"
Francis Collomp was kidnapped in December
Virginia's Eric Cantor is expected to become the next majority leader
Zumba instructor in Maine prostitution ring released from jail on good behavior
Marine Cpl.
A car with a cheaper sticker price can often cost consumers more in the long run
U.S.
Sen.
Windows and Microsoft Office remain the engine driving the vast majority of the company's profits
According to Timberlake's publicist, there are currently no plans for a new album
Piotr Stancza kidnapped September 28 from Attock in Punjab province
U.S.
The dead include 8,607 children, according to Syrian Observatory for Human Rights
Ship was carrying fuel destined for Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and has 21 crew members
Queen Elizabeth National Park nurtures healthy populations of elephant, lion, hippo and other large mammals
Dr.
The executions took place at Tehran's Evin Prison
"If you paint three stories of spindles, you never forget it," said Victoria Barnes
Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Iran already faces U.N.
Germany has one of highest percentages of residents aged over 65
On the mend, Cannon even did an impromptu performance: beatboxing for his son
Cosby won three best actor Emmy Awards for the role
Local police in France were unavailable for comment when contacted by CNN
Peanuts are the most common food trigger of life-threatening anaphylactic shock
U.N.
According to the company, the apps are malware
The apps look just like knockoff versions of already popular apps
John F.
Seacrest joins a growing list of celebs "swatted" in recent months
Muslims enraged over an alleged desecration of Quran at a Christian wedding
U.S.
Staff.
The Marine Corps withdrew several other charges, including rape of a child
Rep.
The payroll tax cut is worth roughly $1,000 a year -- or $40 a paycheck -- for an average family
He is in Norway to perform Thursday night at the Hove Festival
He reportedly sent several students to the principal's office
Head to Wakefield for heady African and Caribbean flavors
France's role in deportation of its Jews taboo for decades after war
Rep.
The victim and her husband were on a cycling tour across India
More than 40 percent of respondents said security situation worsened last year
Abdullah seeking to unseat incumbent President Hamid Karzai on August 20
Dr.
Abortion was legal under common law leading up to the 19th century
In comparison, Paul McCartney was ordered to pay Heather Mills almost $50 million
Conservative blogger Michelle Malkin criticized the list
NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly plans to deploy thousands of resources
Checkpoints will be erected at each of the 16 entrances to Times Square
Nasdaq OMX's chief executive admitted he was "embarrassed" by the delay in the opening trade
20-minute delay in Facebook trading had been caused by a millisecond systems blip
Do you know a hero?
AC Milan move six points clear at the top with a 3-0 victory at home to Sampdoria
U.S.
Think we've missed one?
The CNN World Sport team have had their vote -- now it is time to have yours!
About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers move into epicenter of Taliban activity
Lohan's driver's license will be revoked for a year
His son, Bashar, enjoyed rare privileges and education as he studied abroad
Qantas has six A380s in its fleet of 191 planes
Capt.
N.
Afghan and foreign forces have arrested many would-be suicide bomber children
Critics accuse Erdogan of authoritarian tendencies, citing arrests of journalists and rivals
Like presidents before him, Obama is thrust into role of "mourner-in-chief"
Kerry was to travel to Egypt and Qatar in the coming days
The Pentagon announced steps last year to open up combat roles to women
A nearly 9-hour flight delay turned into a standoff at Hong Kong airport Wednesday
Texas state Sen.
Katherine Jackson and Prince, Paris, Blanket would have to personally pay
The Jacksons will not have to pay until their appeal is concluded and only if they lose
He explained other Saudi militants in Yemen also wished to surrender
Raspberry Pi, the tiny, ultra-cheap, Linux-based PC, went on sale Monday in the U.S.
Dr.
Julia Pierson was the first female director of the U.S.
Eurozone finance ministers postponed agreement on Greece's long-delayed €31.3bn aid payment
Juncker told a post-meeting press conference the target would be moved to 2022
Johnson is the daughter of Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson
NEW: His attorney, Howard Greenberg, said he asked for protective custody for Aron
New Zealand has one of the highest stranding rates for marine mammals
Rep.
Thursday night, Obama's challenge is to sell his road map
Fidel Castro acknowledges "persecution" of gays and lesbians during the Revolution
Pele is one of the best known names in all of sports
This year is already the deadliest for coalition and U.S. forces
U.S.
She says she wasn't being dismissive of the women who've accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault
Singer Phil Collins says he believes that he may have lived past lives
His time is now spent working on his gigantic collection of artifacts from the Alamo
Neck injury has left him unable to hold drum sticks, sign his signature
Boeing's marquee 787 was grounded this year because of a fire risk
450,000 new pilots will need to be trained by 2020
Muse apologized for his actions and blamed the incident on the Somali government
He could receive a maximum sentence of almost 34 years
Lowndes County Sheriff's Office ruled the death accidental and closed the case in May 2013
PB Capital will most likely sell the hotel privately after it takes over the title
In July, the number of people killed was the highest since May 2008
Suspect may have been spotted within the past 24 hours
Jeezy -- real name is Jay Wayne Jenkins -- was released on $45,000 bond Friday
Better-educated and internet savvy, younger migrants suffer more than their elders
Russian politician behind anti-gay propaganda law pictured in photograph of two women kissing
Spotting him on their flight, two lesbian activists kissed, took a selfie and uploaded it to Instagram
Hook's new band The Light is playing two dates in the United States this week
A cause of death has not been released
CRTC received more then 250 complaints about the CBSC's decision
Gen.
Dr.
Her signature track, "Tennessee Waltz," became an official state song of Tennessee
James Murdoch once regarded as heir-apparent to father Rupert's News Corp.
Negotiations to resolve diplomatic standoff are ongoing, says Iraq's Deputy Foreign Minister
Al Qaeda in Yemen a growing concern for the country's government and U.S.
George Brainard was the official photographer for The Kontinentals car club
"All Tore Up: Texas Hot Rod Portraits" will be released March 1
U.S.
Cannon allegedly solicited bribes in exchange for his political influence
Yanukovych went on sick leave Thursday with "acute respiratory disease"
Use of Abilify for maintenance therapy may be leading to higher treatment costs
U.S.
The search for a lion in Essex, near London, has been called off
National Park Service plans memorial for 40 people killed in terrorist hijacking
A Park Service official expects construction to begin in November
A $45,000 reward was offered
O'Ryan is ordered to have no contact with Johnson or her family
Galbraith reportedly angered Karzai by calling for a complete recount
The winners of the Newbery, Caldecott, Printz and other prestigious awards were announced
Company has sold more than 275 million iPods, 100 million iPhones and 25 million iPads
Sen.
Newark mayor plans to recognize the marriages of several same-sex couples
U.N.
478-carat stone determined it to be of the highest color grading available
The West African nation last executed an inmate about 30 years ago
Actress Ann B.
Callixte Mbarushimana was arrested in Paris in October
Report: The 15,000-ton sunken vessel was hijacked by Somali pirates in 2008
National Federation of the Blind can receive surcharges from sales of the coins
Mintage of the coin, which is 90 percent silver, will be limited to 400,000
NBC is apparently in early discussions with Alec Baldwin to host a talk show
Last week, Nokia demoed a prototype device that lets you bend and twist the screen
The United States has committed about $76 million for aid
Dr.
A jury concluded Murray's negligence led to Jackson's death
The New York City-initiated ban on trans fats has become far-reaching
Pope Benedict XVI refuses to soften the Vatican's ban on condom use
Sub-Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region
Petraeus plead guilty to one federal charge of removing and retaining classified information earlier this month
U.S.
Gov.
They will be honored at "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute," which airs live December 2
City statutes forbid anyone jumping into or swimming in the San Antonio River
"I know I am most productive when I don't have the Internet on.
All of the candidates have been vetted by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
U.N.
Details about how immigrants can apply have not been released
Today is the 45th anniversary of the assassination of Dr.
Rev.
Rep.
The former world No.
Because Afghanistan is landlocked, supplies have to be trucked in from Pakistan
Bands have been a goldmine, grossing 16.28 billion yen ($212 million) in 2011
Almost all British troops in Iraq are being pulled out
"I committed a crime and paid for it," he says
U.S.
The United States has 450 land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles
LinkedIn announces new platform for its business-focused social networking site
LinkedIn seeking to challenge Facebook's growing control over online identity
The alleged prostitutes, the youngest of whom are in their early 20s, signed in at the hotel
The Army Rangers are an elite light infantry fighting force
Firefighters continue to battle brushfires on nearly 2,600 acres in the U.S.
12 Americans have been charged with supporting militant groups in Syria or have died there
Do you know a hero?
The runway has been at the center of a fierce debate over air safety
Tottenham lost 3-2 to Young Boys in Champions League playoff
Alert should scare no one from going to Europe, U.S.
After he retired from wrestling, he became known for his Slim Jim commercials
And that name?
The company has a troubled past both in Iraq and Afghanistan
President Richard Nixon signed the National Cancer Act of 1971
Estimate: 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered
Doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity
Sen.
Sen.
Semifinals will be played on 23 and 24 April, with the return legs on 30 April and 1 May
Feature was cooked up by Facebook software engineer Wayne Kao
$662 billion bill shrinks Pentagon spending by $43 billion from last year
Duch pleaded guilty but said he was following orders
