Dr.
Tagged photos will appear in the Photos tab of a Page, rather than on that Page's Wall, and anyone can tag a Page -- even if a user hasn't "Liked" it.
Skip hanging around the water cooler if office gossip is getting you down.
The Learjet 35A was on its final approach into Chicago Executive Airport in Wheeling, Illinois, when it went down about 1:30 p.m., the Federal Aviation Administration reported.
(CNN) -- The Green Bay Packers and Pittsburgh Steelers will contest Super Bowl XLV after securing narrow victories in the NFC and AFC championship games Sunday night.
Military officials told CNN that Pfc.
U.N.
Capt.
The first is that the movie is based on a 2002 novel by British journalist Allison Pearson, and we live in 2011.
Otherwise, Kate.2011 has the same accessories as Kate.2002, including a cute architect husband (Greg Kinnear), two kids who push Mommy's guilt buttons, and various male associates oblivious to commonplace 2011 workforce realities.
Pierce Brosnan plays a fairy-tale New York businessman as princely as he is single.
South African Airways said it launched its own investigation involving the airline's security and the South African Police Service.
Harris got out of the car yelling, "Oh, my God, what have I done?"
The incubation period is typically two to four weeks after exposure, with a range of a few days up to six weeks.
It aims to rein in spending-- and that includes welfare benefits-- to tackle a high national debt and low economic growth.
Britain's workforce has taken the biggest pay cuts in the developed world according to a study published by the Trades Union Congress.
Fans trying to vote online and via text message had difficulty casting their votes via the show's well-established vote-tallying company, Telescope.
Telescope also manages the voting for shows like Fox's "American Idol" and "The X Factor."
Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles.
Nungesser, Taffaro and other representatives of the state's coastal parishes toured the threatened region with Gov.
Nicholas Davies and Gareth Montgomery-Johnson were seized in late February, along with the Libyans who accompanied them, according to Human Rights Watch.
According to data released last week by the Department of Commerce, American businesses exported $2.35 trillion in goods and services in 2014, hitting a record high for the fifth straight year.
(CNN) -- A Red Cross worker was killed Wednesday during shelling in the conflict zone in Sri Lanka, the third aid worker killed in six weeks, the International Committee of the Red Cross says.
The fighting between the Sri Lankan troops and the rebel Tamil Tigers has intensified in the conflict area to the point that the ICRC can not get food to that area or help the sick and wounded, said Sarasi Wijeratne, a ICRC spokeswoman.
Yet the evolution of democratic culture in Pakistan produced a rather conventional outcome -- victory for a two-time former prime minister known for corruption and the military coup that ousted him in 1999.
Russia and Ukraine were working together to deal with the accidents, but according to news reports, strong winds had caused several more dry-cargo ships to run aground.
The 200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from Vox Pop, a coffee shop in Brooklyn.
He is credited with helping create what is known as the Tulsa Sound, a laid-back style that contrasted with the psychedelic rock that was heard at the time.
The announcement Thursday by U.S.
China has expressed "strong dissatisfaction" with a U.S.
Since 1978, the Kennedy Center has chosen only two Hispanics among more than 170 honorees: Spanish tenor Placido Domingo and U.S.-born performer Chita Rivera, who is of Puerto Rican descent.
The Air Force is broadening its investigation to "actively seek any others that may have been affected by this," Gen.
Sen.
(CNN) -- Cambodia and Thailand have agreed to redeploy some troops away from the site of a border temple at the center of a tense military standoff in its second week.
Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and gradually built up their numbers.
Meanwhile, China state media labeled Japanese missile defense plans against the launch as a "pretext" to contain Beijing.
South Korea and Japanese governments strongly condemned the North Korean rocket launch, but some critics in Japan questioned why it took Tokyo so long to officially react to the launch.
South Korea and Japanese governments strongly condemned the North Korean rocket launch, but some critics in Japan questioned why it took Tokyo so long to officially react to the launch.
"Most Wanted" premiered on Fox in 1988 and since has helped lead to the capture of over 1,100 fugitives both in the United States and 30 additional countries.
"The League" was created by "Seinfeld"/"Curb Your Enthusiasm" vet Jeff Schaffer and his wife, Jackie Marcus Schaffer.
There's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like Shibuya, Shinjuku and Akihabara; the skyscrapers glowing with illuminated signs, subway stops inside shopping malls and taxis with automated doors could be straight out of "Blade Runner" or "The Fifth Element."
First Lt.
The film will reportedly explore Hendrix's early career, tracking his times spent in England in 1966 and 1967 crafting what would become his classic debut album, "Are You Experienced."
With 6 million acres, Adirondack State Park is the largest state park in the United States, larger than Yellowstone, Everglades, Glacier and Grand Canyon national parks combined.
The ruling allows police in California to access any data stored on an arrestee's phone: photos, address book, Web browsing history, data stored in apps (including social media apps), voicemail messages, search history, chat logs, and more.
In over 70 years of ministry, Graham has preached to more than 215 million people in person and in 185 countries.
"That may be why 71 percent of Americans consider China an economic threat to the U.S.," says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland.
The Kourage team pride themselves on being one of the most ethical athletic apparel company in the world, according to Markl.
(CNN) -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney has been released from a Virginia hospital 10 days after undergoing a heart transplant, his office said Tuesday.
World No.
Title IX is a federal law that requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault.
But while there have been some changes during his rule, many say al-Assad's promises have largely not been delivered.
(CNN) -- Former South African rugby World Cup winner Ruben Kruger has passed away following a long battle with brain cancer.
Three inmates were hospitalized Saturday after fighting began, one with a severed finger, according to the sheriff's office.
(CNN) -- Golf legend Gary Player has told CNN that 20-year-old Rory McIlroy "has the world at his feet" after the Northern Ireland ace claimed his seventh top-10 finish from eight stroke play events with a third-place finish in Abu Dhabi.
Despite the prospect of relocating McIlroy said he already feels at home on the other side of the Atlantic: "I love it over in the States, it's one of the main reasons I wanted to take my card up over there.
According to a spokesman for Immigration Equality, Vermont Democratic Sen.
The Bridgestone Invitational was the world No.
It follows in the footsteps of other elimination shows like "The Biggest Loser" and "The Celebrity Apprentice" -- both of which switched from 60-minute to 120-minute episodes within the past two years.
The curious trend of zoomorphic architecture -- that is, buildings that look like animals -- has been around for millennia (ever heard of the Sphinx?).
The victim, Charla Nash, 55, remains hospitalized with life-threatening injuries after the chimp, once featured in television commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy, attacked her Monday afternoon, police said.
In the original mythology, four baby turtles fall into the sewer and come into contact with glowing radioactive ooze, which mutates them into four bad-a** warriors trained in ninjutsu by astute rodent Splinter.
The United States hopes to make progress on a long-stalled security deal with Afghanistan that would leave some U.S. forces in the country beyond NATO's scheduled departure at the end of 2014.
The execution followed the U.S.
As Sen.
(CNN) -- Frenchman Thomas Voeckler has taken the yellow jersey from Norway's Thor Hushovd after a dramatic ninth stage of the Tour de France which was marred by a series of crashes which led to two of the race favorites pulling out.
The Jets beat the favored New England Patriots 28-21 Sunday in a National Football League playoff game, a result that evidently lightened the mood on board the Continental Boeing 767.
The attack bears similarities to a 2008 case in London, England.
Many live in camps, but most are "urban refugees," scattered through villages, towns and cities seeking shelter anywhere it is available.
The Cypriot government plans to tap its citizens for 5.8 billion euros [$7.5 billion] and impose a one-off 9.9% levy on deposits over â‚¬100,000.
The unprecedented tax on bank deposits led to a run on cash machines over the weekend, as customers scrambled to protect their life savings.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The U.S. military will stop publishing the number of Taliban and insurgents it kills in Afghanistan under orders from the senior U.S. military spokesman for the American-led coalition.
The issue of publishing enemy body counts has been extremely sensitive to the U.S. military since the Vietnam War when the military regularly published large enemy body counts but seemed to be failing overall to make progress in the war.
Several pharmaceutical and medical device companies also use McDonald as a consultant.
"We have broken through the partisanship and the gridlock," Sen.
Posing the question, "If you had the opportunity to speak to world leaders, what would you say?" the United Nations is holding a video contest to encourage world citizens to voice their opinions to world leaders and weigh in on decisions made by members of the United Nations and become a 2010 Citizen Ambassador.
Though wrestlers today have more support systems available through the WWE and other groups, the rigors of the sport have increased dramatically compared to the days of Capt.
Like many wrestlers, Fatu did not have health insurance when he died, leaving friends and family scrambling to cover his medical expenses, Psaltis said.
(CNN) -- Taiwan's President Ma Ying-jeou apologized again today for the slow response to Typhoon Morakot and said he plans sweeping changes to the country's rescue agencies and may punish some government officials.
Live Action has been accused of pushing a hardline anti-abortion agenda using dubious tactics, including secret recordings.
According to the report, which used data from 1999 to 2004, about 6.5 million children enrolled in Medicaid had untreated tooth decay in 2005 and were nearly twice as likely as children with private health insurance to have untreated tooth decay.
As part of the deal, the Australian carrier will transfer its hub for European flights from Singapore to Dubai from April next year -- subject to regulatory approval.
Haleigh went missing from her father's home in Satsuma, Florida, on February 9.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Rapper Kanye West and his business manager must complete 50 hours of community service in exchange for the dismissal of charges stemming from a Los Angeles airport scuffle with paparazzi last year.
Staff Sgt.
Washington (CNN) -- Rep.
Memphis, Tennessee (CNN) -- A hundred and fifty-five Warriors from Booker T.
Today Alemseged is the director of anthropology at the California Academy of Sciences, a multifaceted scientific institution and museum where he combines his scientific research with his passion for public education.
P.S.
But Latinos in Arizona are a growing political force and demonstrated their clout last year when they led a successful campaign in recalling former state Sen.
Katsav, of the center-right Likud Party, was president of Israel from 2000 to 2007.
According to the World Wildlife Fund, elephant numbers have reached 300,000 in sub-Saharan Africa, however, less than 20% of the elephant range is under formal protection.
Critics have complained about the game because Blackwater employees take on missions for money, while U.S.
He also said the United States used the September 11 attacks as justification to attack Iraq, and that the United States had "lost sight of the cause."
The shooting is under investigation by the Oakland police homicide unit, internal affairs and the Alameda County district attorney.
Gov.
"I'm 57 going on 37," Benzine says with a laugh.
Among the 60 suspected rioters are 50 men and 10 women.
The incident took place in Hadda district, considered one of the safest and heavy guarded areas in Sanaa, on Tuesday evening.
(CNN) -- A Pennsylvania day care center is pursuing a federal civil rights lawsuit against a swim club that canceled the center's membership, the day care director and attorney told CNN's "American Morning" on Wednesday.
In album form, "Jagged Little Pill" has sold more than 33 million copies worldwide, peaking at No.
Tickets ranging from â‚¬20-30 are likely to be priced according to the sports that visitors want to take part in, the statement says.
(CNN) -- Dutch speed skating star Sven Kramer was left in tears after confused communication with his coach cost him a gold medal at the Winter Olympics on Tuesday night.
Do you know a hero?
A temporary camp with 150 yurts was set up in Kyrchyn Jailoo to host guests.
As the United Nations drafts a new set of goals to follow the MDGs, Africa will be the ultimate testing ground for new strategies to end poverty, mitigate the impact of climate change and reduce inequality in the 21st century.
The product comes in a lipstick-shaped dispenser that puffs out a powdery mixture of caffeine and B vitamins into your mouth, where it dissolves and is swallowed.
Increasingly, couples are crowdsourcing their wedding photography through WedPics and similar photo-sharing apps such as Capsule, Wedding Party, Guest Shots and AppilyWed.
The panel, led by a former Japanese Supreme Court judge, detailed $1.7 billion of hidden losses from failed investments in the 1990s by the camera and medical equipment maker.
On Sunday, the German was victorious again, this time at the U.S.
(CNN) -- O.J.
As firefighters continued to battle the brush fires that killed more than 200 people and torched 2,000 homes, Sam was taken to Southern Ash Wildlife Shelter to heal from burns on her paws.
More uniformed officers will be assigned to public housing developments citywide, and plainclothes officers will go to borough- and precinct-based anti-crime units during hours that are prone to shootings.
Investigators are also monitoring gangs for any signs of planned retribution based on shootings over the weekend, Browne said.
Later, Berlusconi said he meant his remarks as a "a compliment."
The Rev.
Madrid was also given an extra year to meet its steep budget deficit target, according to Jean Claude Juncker, Luxembourg's prime minister and the head of the Eurozone finance ministers group.
"I can't make out with my boyfriend in front of my f--king studio?" she is heard yelling to her father.
The first U.S.
According to the International Spa Association, 4 million teens have been to a spa.
The spa treatments at Orlando's Nick Hotel start at just $6.
Solace Spa at Boyne Mountain Resort in Michigan now hosts Family Nights with mini treatments.
Congress ended this fiscal year with a debt under a trillion dollars for the first time since 2008, according to the Wastebook report, but Coburn notes that the deficit still added $486 billion, or half a trillion dollars, to the national debt, which is "quickly approaching $18 trillion."
Rep.
(CNN)A Chinese newspaper has come under fire for taking photos of the body of Yao Beina, a popular singer, at a hospital morgue after her death from breast cancer.
He says the uniforms offer a window into different eras of style and commercial aviation history.
Ethiopia's 90-million cattle, sheep and goat population is one of the world's largest, according to the United Nations Industrial Development Organization.
Dealers have already booked about 25,000 orders for the Camaro, yet only half have been delivered to date.
Authorities allege that some of the infants were born viable and alive during the sixth, seventh and eighth months of pregnancy and then were killed with scissors, which were used to cut their spinal cords.
Bank robberies in New York have risen 54 percent compared with last year, with criminals committing more than 430 in the past 12 months, according to the New York police department.
On Monday alone, robbers targeted five banks in the Big Apple, some striking in broad daylight and near famous landmarks.
Shiffrin is currently second in the slalom standings after five races and second in the overall World Cup standings after 15 races.
A little silence, digital or otherwise, can at times feel like a treat.
The couple, Michelle Palmer and Vincent Acors, had faced a three-month sentence, but they were freed on bail in October pending an appeal.
Some 42 countries filter and censor content out of the 72 studied by the Open Net Initiative.
The country is also set to hold parliamentary elections in September, filling seats vacated by members of the Wefaq party, Bahrain's largest Shiite opposition group, which left in protest over the crackdown.
Croatia relies heavily on its sun-kissed Adriatic coast to draw tourism and its state-run shipyards for revenue -- which will either face privatization or bankruptcy under the EU's accession treaty.
The prolonged denial-of-service assault is targeting The Spamhaus Project, a European spam-fighting group that has gone after CyberBunker, a data-storage company that offers to host any content "except child porn and anything related to terrorism."
Laurent Gbagbo, the incumbent leader, is defying calls to step down after an electoral commission declared he lost the election in November.
She was booked on charges of trespassing and disorderly conduct, the statement said.
The building was named the Freedom Tower in the first "ground zero" master plan.
The book, "iSteve: The Book of Jobs," is being penned by Walter Isaacson, famed biographer and the former CEO of CNN and managing editor of Time.
John, Indiana (CNN) -- With just his dream, determination and hard work, Bill Keith started a solar fan business nearly a decade ago out of his garage in northwest Indiana.
"We are now deeply concerned by reports of military movements taken by the Russian Federation inside Ukraine," U.S.
Gov.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned a NATO airstrike this week that a provincial official says killed women and children, in a statement that came just as U.S.
Ghazala Javed, who recorded scores of songs in her native Pashto language and became a household name among young, progressive ethnic Pashtuns in northwest Pakistan, had just left a beauty salon and was driving home with her father when gunmen on a motorcycle raced towards their car and sprayed it with bullets, Altaf said.
Ghazala Javed, who recorded scores of songs in her native Pashto language and became a household name among young, progressive ethnic Pashtuns in northwest Pakistan, had just left a beauty salon and was driving home with her father when gunmen on a motorcycle raced towards their car and sprayed it with bullets, Altaf said.
The Peruvian government has promised to investigate charges and is considering banning shark fishing to discourage the use of dolphins as bait.
Red Bull founder Dietrich Mateschitz and F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone have struck a deal to return the race to the sport's global calendar after an 11-year absence.
"It is a public health crisis," policy activist Joan Claybrook said Monday, announcing a petition drive to fight larger loads that could be authorized as part of a transportation bill moving through Congress.
Almost all of the victims are believed to be from Haiti and the Bahamas, according to the U.S.
"We're bringing out the different characteristics and the flavors people didn't think were imaginable from chocolate," said Mike Mast.
Homosexual acts are illegal in Uganda, where most gays and lesbians face physical attacks and are treated as social outcasts.
Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting your nomination for consideration.
Washington (CNN) -- The Navy has already relieved so many commanding officers of duty this year that the chief of naval operations has written an unusual memo to all potential commanders reminding them of their responsibilities.
A Senate Democratic leadership aide told CNN that White House officials will go to Capitol Hill on Thursday to meet with Senate Democrats about looking for a fix.
The Supreme Court ruled that Section 66A of the 2008 Information Technology Act was "unconstitutional" and "hit at the root of liberty and freedom of expression, the two cardinal pillars of democracy."
The Justices on Monday declined to review two cases brought by the National Rifle Association that deal with whether those age 18-20 can buy and then carry handguns in public for self-defense.
A prominent human rights activist whose 18-month house arrest in eastern China and dramatic escape attracted worldwide attention is in the U.S.
Todashev's family has disputed that he posed any threat to the law enforcement officers and agents in his apartment.
We will never agree to sanction the use of force in the U.N.
University of Vermont officials said they "respect and support" the decision.
(CNN) -- This Friday marks the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John F.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal fired an ominous warning that he is ready to reclaim his French Open crown from Roger Federer after picking up a record-equaling sixth consecutive Monte Carlo Masters title on Sunday.
It is critical for the public to educate itself about the realities of GMOs and not be fooled by the rhetoric from companies that sell it.
In a nod to Victoriana, Zoe Saldana wore a charmingly dishabille design in shades of crimson by Louis Vuitton.
Jennifer Lopez played up her golden skin with a barely-there gilded gown from Marchesa.
Eva Mendes worked a Christian Dior silk taffeta gown and what she jokingly referred to as a "little bauble" -- a 1974 turquoise-and-diamond Van Cleef & Arpels collar.
In the past three weeks, the Nivose has intercepted 24 suspected pirates as part of a European Union anti-piracy operation off the coast of Somalia, which has become a piracy hotspot.
John Walker Lindh, a 27-year-old Californian, has served seven years of a 20-year sentence after being captured in Afghanistan in 2001.
Brooks and Coulson were close to British Prime Minister David Cameron.
Each athlete will be shown separately on three distinct covers of the video game packaging.
Military ministers for the two Koreas will meet in Pyongyang on Friday.
Teausant was expected to make his first court appearance Monday afternoon in Washington.
15 - Chief of mission vacancies in U.S.
1 - "Virtual" U.S.
Do you know a hero?
She said 250 million doses have been purchased, and "that will be plenty."
Most of the initial doses available in October will be FluMist nasal spray.
Ten to 20 million doses of the vaccine will be available each week after the first week in October, Sebelius said.
Wild Oats XI became the first boat to achieve eight line honors, surpassing the seven line honors of Morna -- later called Kurrewa IV -- in the 1950s and 60s when it crossed the finish line in two days, two hours, three minutes and 26 seconds Sunday.
Blues legend B.B.
"WHAT PROTESTS??
Spc.
He leaves behind his parents, two brothers, a wife and a daughter.
Among the targets of the latest sanctions is Prof.
Ice shelves are floating ice sheets attached to the coast.
Over a two-month period, scientists working in Lore Lindu National Park on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi caught and released three pygmy tarsiers.
The law doesn't give foreigners the right to smoke or even buy the drug.
Ongoing local protests, government retaliation and related unrest in the city have many wondering if they should pull the plug on upcoming trips or make any new plans at all.
According to the 2012 MasterCard Global Destinations Cities Index, Istanbul is among the fastest growing tourism markets in the world, receiving 11.6 million international visitors and earning $10.6 billion in travel revenue in 2012.
(CNN) -- Kim Clijsters defeated fellow comeback queen Justine Henin in the final of the Brisbane International on Saturday, saving two match-points and wasting three as she won an epic clash.
(CNN) -- European Ryder Cup star Miguel Angel Jimenez snapped his putter in frustration at the Volvo Golf Champions tournament in Bahrain but then carded three birdies with his lob wedge to tie for the lead.
"I think we'll feel the effects of Katrina for a long time," the mayor said.
Clarkson's voice is made for anthems, and too many of the slow, snoozy ballads here don't do it justice.
The recordings were allegedly made the day after a wide-reaching corruption investigation ensnared the sons of three Cabinet members.
In the phone conversations, the two men discuss in detail how to hide money and whom to give it to.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Lt.
When the series ended in 1970, Parker became a real estate developer in Santa Barbara.
Democratic strategist Jamal Simmons said the Republican criticism is "galling," considering Bush's frequent trips to Camp David and his home in Crawford, Texas.
The Madrid train bombing took place on March 11, 2004, killed 191 people and wounded 1,800.
Her sentence was changed to a two-year jail term, suspended for five years, Iran's state-run news agency IRNA reported.
The page has received more than 600,000 "thumbs-up" messages of approval since it was posted April 10.
-- You've heard many different places mentioned this week on CNN Student News.
Show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue.
Do we really need to hear another ridiculous or dumb comment from them?
She has said that during her long swims, she sings the Cuban ballad, "Guantanmera," to herself hundreds of times.
"With up to two months on a single charge, the all-new Nook has the longest battery life in the industry and superior battery performance to Kindle 3.
"While reading at one page a minute, the all-new Nook battery lasts for 150 hours, where the Kindle battery, using the same page-turn rate, lasts for only 56 hours (both with Wi-Fi off).
All daredevil stunt shows have been cancelled pending the outcome of the police investigation, the statement said.
Colorado Democratic Sen.
Witnesses who spoke to CNN by phone reported use of water cannons and tear gas on Istiklal Street, one of the main arteries leading to Taksim Square.
The 6th Administrative Court in Istanbul overruled some parts of the Taksim development project, including plans to rebuild old barracks in Gezi Park.
Bob Hurley Sr. is about to hit a milestone few basketball coaches on any level have reached: 1,000 victories.
(CNN) -- The Army psychiatrist accused of the 2009 Fort Hood shooting told the military judge his Muslim faith requires him to wear a beard, marking the first time Maj.
The personal remarks, while focused on turning out voters for Democrats Mark Udall, John Hickenlooper and Andrew Romanoff, sounds a great deal like a presidential candidate and resembled a message Clinton could use should she run for president.
This was Clinton's second trip to Colorado in a week.
The Vatican has long opposed the use of condoms and other forms of birth control and encourages sexual abstinence to fight the spread of the disease.
Stallone was found dead in his Los Angeles home on July 13 by his housekeeper, who was asked by Stallone's mother to check on him.
Hensarling is the Republican Conference chairman and will be co-chair of the panel with Democratic Sen.
He is accused of killing six people and wounding 13, including Giffords, an Arizona Democrat, who was holding a meet-and-greet with constituents at the time.
MADRID, Spain (CNN) -- Letters containing white powder were mailed to 16 U.S.
Washington (CNN) -- An infected flash drive put in a U.S. military laptop in 2008 set off the most significant cyberattack ever against the military and brought a turning point in cyberdefense strategy, a top defense official wrote in an article published Wednesday.
"It was clearly heroic what she did in that moment in time," said Lt.
On Wednesday, the country called for an emergency meeting of the the permanent council of the Organization of American States in an attempt to resolve the spat.
Merkel said she supports the two-state solution to the Mideast conflict, discussed last November by the key parties in Annapolis, Maryland.
Incoming House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, is promising weekly votes on spending cuts, and conservative Republican Sen.
Ford next will be seen in Lionsgate's "The Age of Adaline" and will reprise his role as Han Solo in "Disney's Star Wars: The Force Awakens."
It could take months -- or longer -- for her to get back to where she was before the bullet ripped through her brain.
The other concern is the buildup of fluid in the brain.
"When I didn't kill, I would get nervous," he told TV Globo.
But the 3rd U.S.
Investigators recovered a propeller from the torpedo that blew the Cheonan in half on March 26, Yoon Duk-yong, the committee's co-chair, told reporters.
If Republicans don't wield their congressional majority next year to pass immigration reform legislation, a GOP takeover of the White House in 2016 will be "difficult, if not impossible," Sen.
Iceland's parliament passed a bill last week authorizing a state guarantee for repayment of the funds, but President Olafur Ragnar Grimmson refused to sign it Tuesday.
The e-mail contains a doctored photo of what appears to be a family portrait of two adult chimpanzees posing with a young chimpanzee with Obama's face pasted on it.
The Web has been buzzing since a hacker allegedly broke into a Twitter administrator's personal e-mail account about a month ago and used that information to access the employee's Google Apps account.
Gov.
The vote is one stage in a legislative process -- the bill must clear other hurdles before it becomes law.
Thomas in the U.S.
Chrome rose 0.3 percentage points to 7.1 percent of share, said Net Applications, which monitors browser usage on a network of Web sites.
Microsoft has been trying to rid the world of Internet Explorer 6, introduced in 2001 and now considered outmoded, slow, and insecure.
"They are doing a redefinition of what is lethal," the source said.
When Henry VIII began to pad his codpiece in the 16th century, all of his loyal subjects followed suit.
Remy was arrested on August 13 for assault and battery after Martel told police that Remy had grabbed her neck and head and "slammed her face against a mirror" in the bathroom during an argument, according to a Waltham police report.
Meanwhile, the Internet is back up in Syria after being down for more than eight hours Wednesday, according to the Renesys Corp., an Internet monitoring company.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- One million free text messages will be sent every day for 12 months from Monday in South Africa in a bid to raise HIV awareness and encourage testing for the disease.
The initiative plans to broadcast millions of health messages every month to phones across South Africa.
(CNN) -- Echoing an airline chief and flight attendants, U.S.
Mavis is a ghostwriter for a successful young adult book series, and even that minor claim to fame is soon to be extinguished: The series is played out and the novel she is working on will be the last of them.
The 300 audience members will travel to Australia in December -- courtesy of Winfrey -- on an eight-day, seven-night trip that has been in the making for nearly a year, according to her production company, Harpo Productions.
Chinese-born businessman Kenny Huang is heading the deal, estimated to be worth more than $70 million.
U.S.
Citing Windsor police, CNN partner CTV said the man has had previous encounters with Canadian law enforcement and confronted police officers minutes before the shooting on the bridge.
The NBA has been in a state of lockout since July, as a dispute between the players association and the teams over the league's collective bargaining agreement rumbles on.
The U.S.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza moved a step closer Friday to extradition to the U.S., where he faces terrorism-related charges.
Using the iPhone 4's "retina" display -- given its name because Apple claims that its pixel density is so high, the human eye is unable to distinguish individual pixels -- EA Mobile's "Madden NFL 11" is one of the best-looking HD games on the platform.
If you prefer a more cognitive experience, "Zen Bound 2 Universal" is a relaxing yet challenging puzzle game.
(CNN) -- Former Orange County Sheriff Michael S.
(CNN) -- As Sandy Hook Elementary School students returned to class Thursday for the first time since last month's massacre, Connecticut Gov.
In a letter to the state controller Thursday, Gov.
(CNN) -- Brig.
Back in January, the television icon officially announced that he would be stepping down from "Live!" after co-hosting for nearly 28 years.
While no new co-host has yet been named for Philbin's right-hand woman Kelly Ripa (we here at EW had some suggestions of our own, however), the two discussed finding a replacement.
With no such narrative artifice, no Love Story-ish terminal illness or other tragedy to stimulate audience tear ducts, and none of the mood miseries or big-name lures of "Blue Valentine," "Like Crazy" tells the truth, simply: Love is thrilling.
A 17-year-old was hit by a truck and killed during a protest in Carupano, Venezuela, a government official said.
Young Venezuelans unhappy with the ravaged economy and rising crime have clashed with security forces, who have fired tear gas and water cannons.
A high-powered rifle and a pistol were found near Munis, Pond said.
If both Abou Zeid and Belmoktar have been killed "it would be big news," according to Andrew Lebovich, a Senegal-based analyst who recently spent time in Mali, and has long followed the evolution of AQIM.
The program has 80 international staffers and 300 national staffers supporting the region.
Obama and Sen.
Her Washington-based nonprofit, Generation Hope, provides tuition assistance, mentoring and life skills training to dozens of teen mothers attending area colleges.
Do you know a hero?
The only iPhone killer on the market today...is a newer iPhone.
Tensions escalated Friday when Chinese maritime surveillance ships ignored warnings from Japan and briefly entered waters around the group of islands at the center of the heated territorial dispute.
Follow the company on LinkedIn (go to the company tab along the top, search, and follow) to see who's leaving (and who will, presumably, leave behind a vacancy), and what current employees are in your circle -- they're your goldmines in the "Whom do I address this cover letter to?"
She would then funnel the funds to the terror group using various remittance companies under false names.
A video message purportedly from a Moroccan Sunni cleric called for attacks against U.S.
(CNN) -- The United States breached international law by executing a Mexican national without having granted him consular access, the U.N.
The U.S.
FBI Special Agent Scott Garriola believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking -- crossing the border with falsified documents.
A certain subset of genre purists and Fangoria subscribers already have their knives out for the remake.
Other than "Suburgatory's" Jane Levy, the cast isn't weighed down by too many familiar faces, which seems right since these are pretty much interchangeable folks lining up for the body count.
Sen.
He added, "Why was he in my course?
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is threatening to kill the 73 Yemeni troops it is holding hostage if the government does not release al Qaeda prisoners.
"Music is truly an international language," Hamlisch said on his official website.
This year saw three African women take on key leadership roles.
The Beastie Boys had no intention of performing without Adam Yauch, so the Roots were joined by Kid Rock and Travie McCoy of Gym Class Heroes for an incredible medley of Beastie classics, including "Sabotage" and "So What'cha Want."
The two combined to orchestrate another great spectacle at the Australian Open and this time it was world No.
"He was Mr.
Of China's 175 baby milk powder production companies, 66 have stopped production, Li said.
Mubarak was forced from office in February 2011 following two weeks of mass street protests.
The game was released Tuesday in North America and comes out Friday in Australia and Europe.
In 2013, Istanbul will host a handful of forward-thinking fetes, including the inaugural edition of Art Istanbul International at the Haskoy Yarn Factory (September 14-17), showcasing exciting new works from Turkey, the Middle East and beyond.
(CNN) -- Authorities in Azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S.
As a precaution, Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday "following security concerns nearby," Britain's Foreign Office said.
New York Gov.
Louisiana has been mostly spared since the oil rig exploded April 20 and sank two days later about 50 miles (80 kilometers) off the southeast coast of Louisiana.
Beijing (CNN) -- Twenty-year-old Li Xue has a passion for learning but has never spent a day at school.
Mexican federal police confirmed the shooting death of Guadalupe Mayor Jesus Manuel Lara Rodriguez.
"He was killed in the eastern part of Juarez ... he never told me he had a house here, he never asked for protection from the city," the Juarez mayor said.
The Angolan government denies corruption in the oil sector.
Scientists believe the water and sediment flowed down the crater into an alluvial fan -- a geological formation created by material that water transports.
The one-drug method had never been tried on a U.S.
Italy is a major gateway into Europe for migrants who come by sea from North Africa in hope of reaching EU soil.
On future iPads, you may be able to control your tablet from across the room using 3-D gestures, such as a swirl or swipe of the hand.
A previously discovered patent indicates that Apple could be working on an integrated projector for iDevices that would incorporate physical gestures as a method to manipulate a projected image.
That said, the patent does suggest that older iPhones may not have enough processing power for the gesture-capturing workload, as it shows a way to transfer video from the iPhone to an iPad for more advanced editing options.
Washington (CNN) -- An elephant never forgets, they say, especially a veteran political one like Republican Sen.
The study -- the largest of its kind to date -- should help settle long-standing uncertainty about whether mercury from fish, which in high doses is believed to cause developmental delays in fetuses and infants, might also impact the heart health of adults.
Not only is eating fish safe, but it's also good for your heart, thanks to its low levels of saturated fat and abundant omega-3 fatty acids.
The American Heart Association generally recommends that people eat fish at least twice a week, limiting their consumption of large, predatory fish that might have higher mercury levels.
(EW.com) -- Sony's reboot "The Amazing Spider-Man" earned $7.5 million from midnight shows during its U.S.
Pakistan's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success, sometimes agreeing to peace deals that eventually fall apart.
Lucasfilm has announced that "Star Wars: Episode VII" director J.J.
The movie is slated for release in 2015 but no firm date has been set.
In its announcement about the screenwriter shuffle today, Lucasfilm said the current plan is still to begin shooting in Spring 2014.
Washington (CNN) -- What do tea party aligned Texas Sen.
More than 18.9 million Venezuelans are registered to vote in the presidential election.
What some first speculated as a love triangle gone wrong with two brothers has now become something more complicated -- a triple murder case in which authorities are still seeking suspects and explanations.
Knife crime in Britain is a political hot topic due to a spate of recent killings of mainly young people in major cities.
Wednesday's issue of "All-New X-Men" No.
Most of the clues on the "Jeopardy!" board mention proper nouns -- specific places, events, people, songs, books and so on, says Dr.
(CNN) -- U.S.
Turning planes around quickly might be nice for passengers, but it also means profits for an airline.
Reaction: Indian women feel sorrow, anger at U.S.
"Breaking Bad" creator Vince Gilligan, who is serving as co-showrunner and executive producer of Saul, will direct the first episode of the series, which will serve as a prequel and chronicle the adventures of underhanded attorney Saul Goodman before he teamed up with meth kingpin Walter White (Bryan Cranston).
AbdulMutallab has said he will represent himself in the trial in the U.S.
(EW.com) -- For its upcoming miniseries "The 80s: The Decade that Made Us," Nat Geo Channel commissioned a pop culture survey asking participants important questions like, "Which of the following songs would you have made out to in the '80s?" and "Which of the following '80s TV family would you most want to be adopted by?"
"The 80s: The Decade That Made Us" — narrated by Rob Lowe, naturally — premieres April 14 at 8 p.m.
The term of the current chairman, Adm.
Washington (CNN) -- President Barack Obama on Monday nominated Gen.
The term of the current chairman, Adm.
Violence has continued to rage between Russia and the western ally since Thursday, when Georgia launched an operation to crack down on separatists in South Ossetia territory.
Director Steven Soderbergh's last movie was the female action film "Haywire," which didn't click with audiences of either sex.
The total for 2011 was 283 -- 165 confirmed active-duty suicides and 118 confirmed not-on-active-duty suicides (82 Army National Guard and 36 Army Reserve).
Yamaha's defending champion Lorenzo is now 18 points behind his Spanish rival Marquez with two races in Japan and Spain to go in the 2013 season.
Fifty-five inmates were taken to area hospitals with serious injuries, said Lt.
(CNN Student News) -- Students will learn about the champions of voting rights in the United States.
Michael's first solo performance was when he sang "Climb Every Mountain" in a kindergarten program when he was five, she said.
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell led the charge against the bill, saying the new rules would prevent the United States from capturing the terrorists who killed Peter Kassig, a U.S. citizen doing aid work in Syria.
All the guns that were traced were passed to the U.S. from Mexican authorities.
(CNN) -- World No.
The al-Shabaab militia seized the cities of Bulo Marer and Quryoley from the U.N.-backed government and its Ethiopian allies.
Medical tourism as an industry is projected to grow 35% annually, and could reach 1.6 million American patients going elsewhere for treatments by 2012, according to the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions.
MADRID, Spain (CNN) -- All 36 crew members of a Spanish fishing boat hijacked by Somali pirates more than a month ago have been freed along with their vessel, the Spanish prime minister said Tuesday.
Beijing, China (CNN) -- China's economy grew by 8.7 percent in 2009, according to the National Bureau of Statistics.
China's fourth quarter growth alone surged to 10.7 percent on an annualized basis.
But concerns are rising of a growing property bubble in China, fueled by lending which has seen property prices grow 50 percent or more in some cities.
(CNN) -- Russia's controversial anti-gay propaganda law has sparked the "defining civil rights movement of our time" according to U.S.
No coordination, U.S. says
(CNN) -- Arizona Gov.
If these workers had unions, companies would have had to negotiate these schedule changes and a lot else too, but the retail giants hate unions worse than missing Black Friday.
But the U.S. military is telling its troops to stop using CDs, DVDs, thumb drives and every other form of removable media -- or risk a court martial.
One military source who works on these networks says it will make the job harder; classified computers are often disconnected from the network, or are in low-bandwidth areas.
The Islamist group -- considered one of the world's most deadly terrorist organizations -- has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria, which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south.
"He was an extremely funny guy and a great human," Russell Peters said.
Utoya Island has dropped from the headlines, but it remains fresh in the memory of many, including one of the European Union leaders who received the Nobel prize, as the site of Norway's worst mass murder since World War II.
Dr.
Lohan's representative told CNN the actress was "happy to cooperate," and that "No one has contacted Lindsay" about the investigation.
(CNN) -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho has been accused of "physical and verbal aggression" towards a journalist after Sunday's 1-1 Serie A draw at Atalanta.
The Italian Sport Union of Journalists (USSI) condemned Mourinho's alleged actions against Corriere dello Sport's Andrea Ramazzotti.
Oasis shot to stardom with its 1994 album, "Definitely Maybe," which contained the band's first major hit, "Supersonic."
(CNET) -- Symbian and Android will dominate the mobile operating system market by 2014, research firm Gartner said Friday.
Gartner expects that Symbian and Android together will account for 59.8 percent of the total worldwide mobile OS market by 2014, split almost equally -- Symbian with 30.2 percent, and Android with 29.6 percent.
(CNN) -- Former world No.
She became the first French player, male or female, to reach the top of the rankings in 2004, when she won the silver medal at the Athens Olympics, losing to Henin in the final.
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S.
"Animal Practice" will be replaced by "Whitney" starting November 14, which means fans of the wacky veterinarian hospital comedy still get a three more episodes before its gone.
By far the most riveting performance: Jessica Sanchez's duet on "And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going" with original Broadway "Dreamgirl" Jennifer Holliday -- a masterclass for our tiny teen in how to act like there's something, anything, going on underneath a huge vocal.
Law enforcement officials said Wal-Mart is acting to limit the public address feature to a smaller number of in-store telephones.
China's march into space underscores the country's growing financial and military clout and has unsettled some Western observers.
A sense of escalating crisis swirled Saturday night, with U.S.
According to the Kremlin, Putin told Obama that Russia reserves the right to defend its interests in the Crimea region and the Russian-speaking people who live there.
"President Obama made clear that Russia's continued violation of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity would negatively impact Russia's standing in the international community," according to a statement released by the White House.
The Tampa, Florida-based startup wants to be everything that Facebook and rival Google+ are not -- and it has the manifesto and sassy YouTube video to prove it.
"D.L.
In total, 45,000 people have been asked to leave their homes in Saxony-Anhalt, the state currently worst affected by the flooding.
The FBI is investigating the shooting, the Border Patrol said.
"As with all of his previous trips, this is a way for Gov.
In Washington, U.S. officials have been calling for an "orderly transition" that will include free elections in September, when Mubarak's current term expires.
Facebook hopes to release its own smartphone by next year, according to a New York Times report quoting anonymous sources at the company and others who have been briefed on Facebook's plans.
Many tech bloggers believe such a move would be a bad idea for Facebook, in part because there's no clear-cut consumer need for a Facebook phone.
(CNN) -- Italian prosecutors will press charges against at least one person after racist abuse during a soccer game prompted AC Milan players to walk off the field in the middle of a game.
AC Milan's Kevin-Prince Boateng, the main target of the abuse, kicked a ball into the stands, tore his shirt and led his team off the field Thursday in a rare protest against racist behavior by soccer fans.
Italian Football Association president Giancarlo Abete also hit out at the unsavory scenes and announced an investigation into the incident.
Stacked logs at a saw mill were also engulfed by the fire and helped fuel the flames, Yakima County Fire Chief George Spencer said late Saturday.
Dell will introduce a GPS and Wi-Fi card that can be added to its netbooks to offer turn-by-turn direction.
After a federal appeals court upheld the law earlier this week, a coalition of private groups had asked the high court to intervene on an emergency basis, complaining the newly-implemented procedures could cause confusion, causing many voters to either not bother to cast a ballot or be mistakenly turned away at the polls.
Only 6% of Americans said they will not be celebrating Christmas this year.
Dr.
The El Al Airlines flight typically costs somewhere around $1,300.
For two hours Monday, the stunning deal drew hordes of excited travelers before the airline had time to make the fix.
There's a reason J.K.
The mountainous Swat Valley region used to be a popular destination for tourists and skiers, but today it is a Taliban stronghold.
The Taliban are imposing their strict brand of Islamic law in the region -- banning music, forbidding men from shaving, and not allowing teenage girls to attend school.
Tiger Woods won the first U.S.
The report involving informal and formal complaints covered all of the military's major service branches and the National Guard.
The move represents only the second time such ships have crossed the Suez Canal since the Islamic republic's 1979 revolution.
The grim discovery was highlighted in a front-page report in the Irish Mail on Sunday, which cited the efforts of local historian Catherine Corless to research the burial sites of 796 children listed as having died at the home, which was run by the Sisters of Bon Secours.
So differently that Joseph Michael Liu Kai-Tsu Roqueni, 32, plans to run barefoot from Canada to Argentina in 18 months.
Overall, Joseph's feet will cover 19,000 kilometers (about 11,806 miles) of roads, a distance nearly 7,000 kilometers (4,349 miles) greater than the Earth's diameter.
Last month Venezuelan authorities said they captured two Colombian spies.
U.S.
The alligator was unharmed and returned to the wild by wildlife officials, Pino said.
Also tucked away in the cargo section were four pigeons and five other birds of an undetermined breed.
Robin, and Warner Bros. called Hagman's J.R.
Growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010, if the global economy experiences a mild recovery next year, the report says.
The Obama administration says the new program will reach out to social services and mental health workers to help spread what is known about extremist groups' recruitment methods.
Shiffrin's win marked the second gold for the U.S. at the championships following Ted Ligety's giant slalom victory Friday.
The 1877 pastel was on loan to the Musee Cantini from the Musee d'Orsay in Paris for an exhibition, Claudel said.
It was a positive experience for both doctor and patient, and they're not alone; 92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation poll (KHN is an editorially independent program of the foundation).
NEW YORK (CNN) -- With Sen.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
"Today, we have information that the regime began to move chemical materials and chemical weapons to Lebanon and to Iraq," Gen.
Was it just a celebratory kiss?
Athens, Greece (CNN) -- Greece's Prime Minister George Papandreou announced Wednesday that a government reshuffle will take place Thursday, after which he will seek a vote of confidence in parliament.
Tensions in the region have eased since a period last month that included near daily North Korean threats of war.
A drug test showed high levels of testosterone in his body, but Braun successfully disputed the testing process, and the suspension was overturned in February.
The NYPD's Demographics Unit -- or Zone Assessment Unit -- was put together with the CIA's help following the September 11, 2001, attacks.
The unit's reports, however, never led to a terrorism investigation in at least six years of surveillance, according to court testimony from Thomas P.
$7 trillion -- The total amount of tax increases and spending cuts included in the fiscal cliff, spread out over the next 10 years.
(Oprah.com) -- Find time for yourself this holiday season to settle in with one of these five recommended reads.
(CNN) -- Former world No.
Harold Holzer says Obama represents validation of Lincoln's hope of equal opportunity for all.
But Musharraf may still have one card up his sleeve: he could move to dissolve parliament and dismiss the prime minister.
Bahrain is a strategically important nation to the United States, and it is home to the U.S.
The Iranian people are faced with spiralling inflation and job layoffs within the state sector.
In that report, the minister suggested that oil revenues in the country plummeted 40 percent, while gas and gas products' export revenues fell by 45% compared to the same period last year.
In math, U.S. high schoolers were in the bottom quarter of the countries that participated, trailing countries including Finland, China and Estonia.
The publicity has triggered a wave of people also trying to find the mattress and its contents for themselves.
Multiple sclerosis is a chronic disease that affects the central nervous system, often causing pain, numbness in the limbs and a loss of vision.
Meanwhile, South Korea's Meena Lee claimed the first-round lead at the Women's British Open after carding a seven-under 65 in wet conditions in Scotland on Thursday.
Laurence Stewart II allegedly threw several pipe bombs at law enforcement officers during the pursuit.
Officials said that Stewart was upset by pending legal action against him.
Wisconsin's growing demonstration over a budget bill that supporters call vital and opponents label union-busting continues Monday with guitarist Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine fame planning to play for the protesters a day after Republican Gov.
After being kicked out of Albania in 1939, Albania's autocratic King Zog settled in London's Ritz Hotel before moving to Parmoor House in Buckinghamshire for nearly five years.
'Enjoyed' a meal of lutefisk, reindeer, & lefse," Rep.
All of the 28 defendants are men except for one Spanish woman.
(CNN) -- Army Sgt.
And this time, Israeli leaders are publicly and persistently demanding what they call the 'demilitarization' of Gaza as the price for peace - so that Israel is spared another barrage of rockets like those that fell on its soil in 2008 and 2012 - and are again now.
Is there a halfway house which would provide Israel with sufficient security guarantees?
In an exclusive telephone interview Friday night with CNN, Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said the Taliban intelligence wing was actively gathering information on foreign aid workers.
In the 15-minute interview, arranged by an intermediary for CNN, Hanafi repeated the Taliban's pledge to keep girls out of public schools.
(CNN) -- Dr.
(CNN) -- Crowds of angry Muslims attacked Buddhist shrines and homes, torching some of them Sunday in Bangladesh to protest after a photo of a partially burned Quran was posted on Facebook, police said.
More sensitive children may find the gothic pet cemetery upsetting and freak out at the violent climax.
All eyes are on the weather, which can turn a simple trip into a nightmare -- cue visions of Steve Martin and John Candy struggling to get to snowy Chicago in "Planes, Trains and Automobiles."
Dublin, Ireland (CNN) -- Queen Elizabeth II is due to visit Croke Park stadium in Dublin Wednesday on the second day of her landmark tour to Ireland.
Now, OR Books plans to use tweets posted during the protests to create a 160-page history of the event.
Harry Nicolaides, 41, was arrested last August over his 2005 book titled "Verisimilitude."
The book includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince that authorities deemed a violation of a law that makes it illegal to defame, insult or threaten the crown.
Hijackings off the coast of East Africa have become a growing international concern, prompting a number of foreign navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden and neighboring coastal areas.
In most African rural areas, expectant mothers are mostly taken care of by traditional birth attendants at their households, rather than at hospitals.
From the late 1990s through 2006, Hayes provided the voice of "Chef" for Comedy Central's raunchy animated series "South Park," as well as numerous songs.
Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles.
The U.S.
CNN -- Manchester City announced a deal to sign Spain international David Silva from Valencia on Tuesday as the big-spending English club continued preparations for success in the Premier League next season.
Opry Mills, the outlet mall just down the road, offers some of the best shopping opportunities, with winning Tennessee stores such as The Gibson Showcase and The Apple Barn Cider Bar & General Store.
During the trial, prosecutors said Medunjanin traveled to Pakistan's tribal region with two high school friends, Pakistani-born Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay, an immigrant from Afghanistan.
The July 2012 discovery of the Higgs boson in the most powerful particle accelerator in the world, the Large Hadron Collider at CERN, has been billed as one of the biggest scientific achievements of the past 50 years.
China has rapidly built up its space program since it first sent an astronaut into space in 2003.
More than 500 domestic and international flights were canceled at Tokyo's Narita and Haneda airports and the national rail operator halted bullet train services in central and northern Japan.
The White House has previously said it was complying with the War Powers Resolution through frequent briefings on the Libya mission.
(Entertainment Weekly) -- Punctuation promises comedy in "The Informant!" as if the title subject is a cartoon secret agent -- maybe Agent 86 in "Get Smart."
Once the plane meets FAA approval, Boeing can begin filling orders for nearly 900 jets from around the world.
The U.S. economy continues to try to dig itself out of the job losses created by the recession that began in 2008.
(Mashable) -- Verizon customers interested in signing a one-year contract (as opposed to the standard two) should lock in their selections now; the company has confirmed that it is eliminating the one-year contract option as of April 17.
The U.S.
The two were married Saturday at a private residence overlooking the Mediterranean Sea.
Though Lt.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Hong Kong's highest court on Monday rejected the final appeal of two Filipino workers to gain permanent residency in Hong Kong, dealing a blow to thousands of foreign domestic helpers seeking to make the Chinese territory their permanent home.
Lawyers for Filipino maid, Evangeline Vallejos, had argued that immigration rules excluding foreign domestic helpers were unconstitutional and that helpers were entitled to the same treatment as professional expatriates.
SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- South Korea bade farewell to former President Kim Dae-Jung Sunday in a ceremony attended by thousands of citizens, dignitaries and politicians.
Added Rep.
(CNN) -- It is 20 years since Poland's Solidarity movement defeated the Communist Party in an historic election that prompted the fall of communism across central and eastern Europe.
At one point, 80 percent of the capital Manila was under water after experiencing the heaviest rainfall in 40 years.
Adding to the confusion is Karane's status as a D.C. government employee.
"The Big Bang Theory" co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation that sources say could be unspooled at May's upfront presentation to Madison Avenue advertisers.
Last week, U.S.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N.
The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N.
North Korea has repeatedly denied the existence of political camps or human rights abuses in the country.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- It isn't clear whether the United States will ever be able to declare victory in Iraq, the top U.S.
Along with Dr.
After "Blade Runner" Oscar Pistorius became the first double-amputee runner to compete at an Olympics, and Natalie Du Toit excelled in the pool, Lucas Sithole -- who lost both his legs and most of his right arm when he fell under a train aged 12 -- became the first South African to win a title at tennis' U.S.
Shouts of "USA, USA" were meant to encourage Wagner but Sithole rallied from a set down to beat the world No.
After "Blade Runner" Oscar Pistorius became the first double-amputee runner to compete at an Olympics, and Natalie Du Toit excelled in the pool, Lucas Sithole -- who lost both his legs and most of his right arm when he fell under a train aged 12 -- became the first South African to win a title at tennis' U.S.
CAMDEN, South Carolina (CNN) -- Sen.
Adding to its line of popular hybrid vehicles in the U.S., Toyota just confirmed plans to add as many as 10 new gas/electric hybrid vehicles in the next few years.
The "charged" MINI E can run up to 150 miles on a full battery pack.
(CNN) -- As numerous news organizations have reported, Russia has sent two planes so that about 100 of its citizens who want to can leave Syria.
2 Dinara Safina has been forced to pull out of next week's Dubai Tennis Championships due to her ongoing back problems.
(CNN) -- World No.
Performing for the first time since the 2002 murder of co-founder Jam Master Jay, seminal hip-hop crew Run-D.M.C.
"Swamp People" is the popular History Channel TV series that chronicles the lives of alligator hunters in Louisiana.
Cheryl Walker filed for guardianship of 15-year-old Meadow Walker in March, claiming that Meadow's mother, Rebecca Soteros, has a "drinking problem."
It has been a month since Gov.
Hollywood turned out for the event where Steve Martin, Angela Lansbury and costume designer Piero Tosi also received Oscars honoring their careers.
This online version of Okey lets you win digital dollars and play with your friends via Facebook.
The new details about altitude are "highly significant," said Mary Schiavo, a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S.
(CNN) -- The Russian coast guard seized two Chinese vessels and detained 36 fishermen Tuesday after they were allegedly found fishing in Russian-controlled waters in the Sea of Japan, according to state media
The R-rated "Contraband," which stars Wahlberg as a former smuggler trying to protect his brother-in-law from a drug lord, earned an estimated $24.1 million over the standard three-day weekend, and looks to finish the four-day holiday weekend with about $28 million.
In second was "Beauty and the Beast 3D" with $18.5 million for the three-day frame -- the largest January opening for an animated film (topping 2006′s "Hoodwinked").
The weekend's third new release, the gospel-singing dramedy "Joyful Noise," drew a smaller congregation with $11.3 million over the three-day frame.
He is the father-in-law of Sinaloa cartel leader Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, authorities said.
Destination proposals are now de rigeur in the story of a couple's romance, according to Jonathan Krywicki, whose Melbourne, Australia-based company Pitch & Woo helps guys create unforgettable proposals for their girlfriends.
He faces a minimum 1 to 3 years, or as much as 8 to 25 years in state prison.
Dismissing the charges, High Court Judge Justice Davis described Thomas as a "decent man and devoted husband" who bore no responsibility for his wife's death, PA reported.
The U.S.
The "Art of Video Games" exhibition runs through September 30.
Sen.
Tariq Khdeir, 15, a high school sophomore in Tampa, was visiting his Palestinian relatives in Jerusalem for the first time in over a decade when he was attacked and detained, family members told CNN.
The defendants were convicted of murdering 11 police and two civilians in August 2013, Egypt's state-run MENA news agency reported.
If you turned on the television this past Sunday, though, a new vision of Jesus came into view.
One of the bill's authors, New York Democratic Sen.
One of the bill's authors, New York Democratic Sen.
Republicans and Democrats alike see "Romneycare" as the prototype for what conservatives deride as "Obamacare."
More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006, when Calderon took office and announced plans to deploy troops to combat cartels.
N.C.
It is not clear whether Al-Shabab has the capacity to carry out its threats against Israel.
Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991, when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting.
Hirata is described as a former senior member of Aum Shinrikyo, or Cult of the Supreme Truth, the group behind the 1995 sarin gas attack on a Tokyo subway.
Below said that the support from Reddit stunned and amazed her.
(CNN) -- Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has told Manchester United's Wayne Rooney to decide where his future lies after the England striker starred in a goalless draw between the two teams on Monday.
The draw leaves Chelsea top of the English Premier League with two wins and a draw from their opening three matches.
"He's a smart little boy.
He has publicly called on his father -- who is the leader of al Qaeda and the world's most-wanted man -- to abandon terrorism.
There are 13.7 million cancer survivors living in the United States; the American Cancer Society estimates there will be 18 million by 2022.
Radiation, chemotherapy, hormone therapy and surgery all have the capacity to affect sexual function significantly, Bober said.
The version 7.5 update will roll out to existing Windows Phone owners slowly to ensure there are no issues for users, according to the company.
The Windows Phone Marketplace web portal launches with over 30,000 apps in tow, an admirable enough number (though still far behind its competitors).
The majority of the Navy SEALs who died belonged to the same covert unit that conducted the raid that killed Osama bin Laden in May, though they were not the same men, the military official said.
Stine has written more than 300 books that have sold a combined 350 million copies around the world.
J.K.
"Profiling is an unacceptable practice and will not be tolerated," the document states, drafted by the Retail Council of New York State, along with National Action Network and Reverend Al Sharpton.
Warner Bros.
"Man of Steel" director Zack Snyder will direct the film, and current Superman Henry Cavill will star, Warner Bros. said.
Yu and her partner Wang Xiaoli were ranked number one in the world according to the Badminton World Federation.
"We are the No.
(Parenting.com) -- In a new policy statement published in the April 2011 issue of Pediatrics, the American Academy of Pediatrics now advises parents to keep toddlers in rear-facing car seats until age 2, or until they exceed the height or weight limit for the car seat, which can be found on the back of the seat.
She had been admitted two days earlier after suffering a stroke.
Baghdad (CNN) -- The U.S.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Hong Kong authorities began clearing barricades at a section of a downtown protest camp on Tuesday, taking action against the pro-democracy demonstrators that have occupied parts of the city for almost two months.
The clearance followed a court order to remove obstructions outside CITIC Tower, a 33-story office building close to the main protest site in Hong Kong's Admiralty district.
Energy traders acknowledge the return of the so-called Middle East risk premium -- calculated to be $10 to $15 dollars a barrel.
An escalation of violence triggered by military attacks on Syria is pushing crude well above what oil kingpin Saudi Arabia believes is a fair price of $100.
While regional oil producers may be swimming in additional funds, the higher prices will hit the economies which are running current account deficits and are subject to the capital flight we see today.
Juarez sits across the Rio Grande from El Paso, Texas.
The vaccine was approved using an accelerated approval process, the FDA said.
Aaron Pena crafted the caltrop ban at the behest of the U.S.
The toll keeps rising as rescuers search for victims of the volcano, which started its recent eruptions on October 26.
The government's volcano alert level remains at its highest level, though officials said last week that the worst might be over.
On the software front for the Xbox 360, "Halo 4" will be showcased in a four-hour event with its new developer, 343 Industries, and the return of Master Chief as the main character.
Singapore Airlines was the first carrier in the world to operate the double-decker aircraft.
People here completely bypass the banks and keep their money at home.
It's an extraordinary scene: Teller counters and the office tables are literally overflowing with cash.
One clear sign of change is that credit cards are becoming more common, but only by Visa and Mastercard.
Iraqi and Blackwater officials have starkly different accounts of what happened during the firefight.
It's the top-selling Dr.
Markoff is also charged in connection with the April 10 robbery of a woman at a Westin Hotel in Boston.
The hornets are not invasive; in this case, it is the humans who are invasive.
Ayman al-Zawahiri called on his followers in an audio message posted on the Internet on Thursday to "land a large strike on it, even if it takes years of patience for this."
In the Icelandic capital, Rejkjavik, where Nordic appetites for nightlife can leave visitors whimpering for mercy, very little happens over the Christmas holidays, making it a magically peaceful time to contemplate marvels such as the Northern Lights.
On Thursday, Federer's fellow Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka and Frenchman Richard Gasquet completed the eight-man field in London.
The United Nations is investigating if the TEL came from China in violation of U.N.
In November of 2009, nearly 100 people died from flooding in western Saudi Arabia.
He resigned the presidency in June 2007 because of the sexual assault allegations.
The case involved three women -- two in the president's office and one in the Tourism Ministry.
Africa Felix Juice is now the first tenant and enjoys a three-year tax holiday, along with security, electricity and water supplies.
Manufacturers and pharmacies in Europe are also reporting a surge in demand for face masks.
The 13 Uyghurs were accused of receiving weapons and military training in Afghanistan.
Rice said she hoped existing work by U.S. companies on the UAE nuclear program would be expanded under the agreement.
Knife crime in Britain is a political hot topic due to a spate of recent killings of mainly young people in major cities.
"When people ask me whether being in the White House has changed my husband, I can honestly say that when it comes to his character, and his convictions, and his heart, Barack Obama is still the same man I fell in love with all those years ago," Mrs.
Type D personalities aren't doomed to heart problems, but they should be aware of their risk and take precautions, such as enrolling in cardiac rehabilitation if they've had a heart attack, the researchers say.
In a statement on its website, the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party, or DHKP-C, said "E.
Samaritan's Purse is a Christian organization headed up by the son of one of the most famous Christian evangelists in the country, Billy Graham.
"One of the actors said, 'Watch out!'" said one woman.
Washington (CNN) -- President Obama will award the Medal of Honor to U.S.
Despite the Party's calls to "speak with one voice," dissenting ideas and differences are being voiced and heard.
(CNN) -- Spc.
He added, "It is stupid to me that anyone can have easy access to a powerful weapon without being mentally evaluated.
Zabih al-Taifi was arrested in a village near Peshawar on Wednesday as part of ongoing security operations in the area, police and intelligence officials told CNN.
Rep.
On Monday, Wilson spokesman Neal Patel told CNN that the congressman will be flanked during this year's State of the Union address by Democratic Reps.
CNN: How do you see Marushige Seika K.
(CNN)In 1985, Meng Weina set up China's first private special needs school in the southern city of Guangzhou.
The winner must secure more than 50% of the vote to avoid a runoff tentatively scheduled for next month.
A jury found Sandusky guilty of 45 counts of child sex abuse in June 2012, in a case in which the crimes were committed from the early 1990s through late 2009.
"The manner of death was suicide," the New York City medical examiner's office said.
Investigators looking into his business dealings for possible securities violations requested the temporary restraining order in Hamilton County Superior Court, said Jim Gavin, spokesman for the Indiana Secretary of State.
Nominate your Hero at CNN.com/Heroes
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of W.
Three review units have failed during Gadget Lab testing, numerous complaints of "bricked" units riddle Jawbone's user forums, and the clever health and fitness product currently receives just two out of five stars on Amazon.com reviews -- 41 different user reviews were complaining of 23 bricked devices as of press time.
"I think it's important that we stress that public safety comes first," Gov.
The panel created under the debt ceiling deal earlier this year has until November 23 to reach an agreement on at least $1.2 trillion in deficit reduction over the next decade.
(CNN) -- The Iranian parliament on Saturday voted to designate the United States' Central Intelligence Agency and the U.S.
Of the condemnation, Paul Gimigliano, a CIA spokesman, said, "There are some things that don't even deserve comment.
The Middle East's richest man is Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud, the 51 year old Saudi who has an estimated net worth of $21bn.
The plan urges authorities to urgently provide "a list of all places" where people are detained.
Anyone who has had a blood clot in the past is at a higher risk of getting one again.
It's unknown if Clinton has a genetic condition that may increase her risk.
Lanier has come as far in her personal life as she has in her professional life.
Gerevich joined the team as an 18-year-old in Los Angeles in 1932 and was still there 28 years later in Rome.
The killing of a 32-year-old man on the streets of St.
The Israel Defense Forces has said it is investigating the claims.
A group of student demonstrators gathered outside Troy City Hall on Monday in protest of Daniels' comments and had called for her to step down.
The posting came after New York became the sixth state in the union to legalize same-sex marriage.
Baby boomers are turning 65 at the rate of 10,000 per day, according to the Pew Research Center, a trend that's expected to continue for the next 16 years.
Czech sixth seed Tomas Berdych, the 2010 Wimbledon runner-up, lost 7-6 7-6 7-6 to world No.
(CNN) -- The Dutch-based finance and insurance group ING is cutting up to 7,000 staff in an effort to help save $1.4 billion.
It also announced Monday that CEO, Michel Tilmant, was stepping down.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E.
Russia has been the long-time principal supplier of arms to Syria since the days when it was the Soviet Union.
Gymnastics wasn't a popular pursuit for a kid from the Bronx, and he hasn't forgotten the ridicule from schoolmates teasing him for "leaping around in ladies' tights."
Companies such as Los Angeles-based Planet Hospital are creating a niche in the service industry as medical travel planners.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Predatory mice are threatening the albatross population on a remote south Atlantic island and have caused the birds' worst nesting season on record, a British bird charity says.
The usual suspects were there, with "Avatar" (21 million downloads) taking top (dis?)honors, and "The Dark Knight" tying for second place with "Transformers" at 19 million downloads apiece.
Still, there is surprisingly little overlap between the lists (only "Inception" and "The Departed").
Relationships are not like a Lego set: created to be dismantled and put back together again.
July was the deadliest month in Iraq in the last five years since the peak of sectarian violence in 2006 and 2007.
According to the U.N., 1,057 Iraqis were killed and another 2,326 were wounded in acts of terrorism and violence last month.
The center brain has to process vast amounts of information instantly.
Sen.
(CNN) -- Austin Reed Sigg must face trial on 18 of 20 counts related to the slaying of 10-year-old Jessica Ridgeway and an attack on a jogger last year, a spokesman for Colorado's courts said Friday.
Analysts said the first challenge would be to locate elusive ISIS leaders like Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
There have been a string of Air Force mishaps and problems relating to weapons.
U.S.
"For unknown reasons, the driver lost control of the vehicle, and the vehicle partially spun around, and began to travel in a southeast direction," the coroner's report said.
Ayla was 20 months old when she went missing from her grandmother's Waterville home while in the care of her father.
Amtrak will suspend some of its rail service in the Northeast, South and Mid-Atlantic regions due to the winter storm forecast, the company said in a statement.
The U.S.
The group's self-titled debut came out in August 2008 in Britain.
(CNN) -- FA Cup finalists Portsmouth will not be allowed to play in next season's Europa League, the English Football Association (FA) have confirmed.
Astrophysicist and television host Neil deGrasse Tyson, a protege of the late Carl Sagan, claimed he heard President George W.
One hopes that Chinua Achebe's death will spark a renewal of interest beyond "Things Fall Apart."
The first side of the lyrics -- which are believed to have been composed on the morning and afternoon of January 17, 1967 -- features a rough draft written in script with a black felt marker and blue ballpoint pen, with a few annotations in red ink.
The Islamic State of Iraq is the rebranded name for al Qaeda in Iraq.
The U.S.
The 23-year-old Pironkova won through in straight sets, beating world No.
Ulysses S.
According to Morgan -- who cites Lincoln's secretaries John Hay and John Nicolay -- Warren took the last three photographs of Lincoln on March 6, 1865, just two days after his second inauguration.
Retired Army Gen.
Fonseka says the charges against him are false and politically motivated.
Fonseka's supporters say the former general was seen as a threat to the government and his arrest was ordered to prevent his participation in parliamentary elections April 8.
The trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights groups, who say the arrests indicate authorities in Egypt are stifling dissent and freedom of the press.
(CNN) -- Illinois put an end to capital punishment Wednesday as Gov.
With his last three public appearances leading to large swings in the markets, Bernanke took a softer tone to reassure Wall Street that the Federal Reserve was still providing the necessary backstop for the U.S. economy through its bond-buying program, known as quantitative easing.
Despite the ECB's best efforts to reassure markets and support governments, through its announcement of an unlimited bond-purchasing program last year, dubbed Outright Monetary Transactions, the ECB has been reluctant to implement a fully-fledged quantitative easing program similar to that of the Federal Reserve, Bank of England and the Bank of Japan.
U.S.
Army Staff Sgt.
Baio plays David Hobbs on the network's first scripted series.
The Caldecott Medal went to "Locomotive," written and illustrated by Brian Floca.
The 1980s teen movie actor, who struggled for decades with drug addiction, died early Wednesday after collapsing in the Los Angeles apartment he shared with his mother, authorities said.
Washington (CNN) -- A Russian company is seeking to buy a controlling interest in one of the largest uranium extraction operations in the United States -- a sale that requires U.S. government review because of possible national security implications.
At one point, the Nikkei plunged more than 1,390 points, or more than 14 percent, nearing the worst-ever plunge of 14.90 percent on October 20, 1987, after the U.S. stock market crash on Black Monday.
The ruling in Northern California District Court reaffirmed an earlier decision that the warrantless wiretaps conducted on an Oregon-based Islamic non-profit organization were illegal.
In Wednesday's ruling, District Judge Vaughn R.
Rumors of financial difficulties and health problems -- in 2008 he was photographed being pushed in a wheelchair -- have swirled around the famously eccentric star in recent years.
The Ford Crown Victoria is the most popular police car currently in production.
The gold country discovery is thought to be the largest of its kind in U.S. history, according to David Hall, co-founder of Professional Coin Grading Service, which authenticated the find.
The U.S.
The move ratchets up a feud between Sunni Morocco and Shiite Iran.
Louisiana Democrat Sen.
Ken (left) and Harry Akune served in the U.S. military during World War II.
Colonel Krisada Sarika, head of the Royal Thai Army band, was quoted in Thai media as saying Gen.
William was a pilot with the Royal Air Force Search and Rescue Force.
China's economy has also experienced a slump as a result of economic turmoil in the West.
Rancic, 37, had the surgery December 13 after lumpectomies failed to eradicate her breast cancer.
"It feels great to be back at work," she says.
Because of its location as the closest Italian island to Africa, Lampedusa is a common destination for African refugees seeking to enter European Union countries, and shipwrecks off its shores are common.
Mark Gilliam, 20, of West Chester, Pennsylvania, was arrested Thursday on a federal charge of attempted arson in the town of Thorndale on January 25, authorities said.
Former Sen.
Marek Edelman was one of the leaders of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in World War II.
Edelman is thought to have been the last surviving commander of the uprising, in which Jews fought Nazi efforts to send them to concentration camps.
(RollingStone.com) -- Amy Winehouse's wedding dress has been stolen from the late singer's former home in north London, the BBC reports.
Texas added more people than any other state -- about 500,000 -- making it the third-fastest growing state.
The French deployment, along with that of African forces, was unanimously approved Thursday by the U.N.
Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in the region, including in nearby Kenya and Uganda, where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism.
Army Staff Sgt.
The plea spares the 39-year-old Bales the prospect of a death sentence in the killings.
Of the total in grants, $15 million will come from the Department of Energy as part of the stimulus act and another $22 million will come from other sources, Lowenthal said.
China is now such a key driver of global profit for the fashion industry that Burberry's stock price sank in early February after China announced it would ban advertising of luxury goods.
(CNN) -- Husbands are allowed to slap their wives if they spend lavishly, a Saudi judge said recently during a seminar on domestic violence, Saudi media reported Sunday.
(CNN) -- French workers on Thursday freed the manager of a factory run by U.S. company 3M held hostage in his office for more than 24 hours in a labor dispute over terms for laid-off staff.
Anger has been growing in the U.S. and Europe over job cuts and high bonuses for executives whose companies have been rescued with taxpayers' money.
(CNN) -- A Massachusetts woman is calling Lt.
"Peace?
Officials say demands for railroads have increased as international trade goes up and road traffic worsens.
A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread and lasts longer than a single storm. With the widespread drop in temperature, however, you can see significant winter storms develop, especially when the cold air is initially advancing into a previously warm region -- much like the nor'easter this past week.
(CNN) -- World No.
Police have arrested seven crew members from the vessels on suspicion of endangering passengers.
In 2004, 22% of Americans voted early and that rate rose to 34% in 2008, according to Paul Gronke, Professor of Political Science who founded and runs the Early Voting Information Center at Reed College in Oregon.
Troops loyal to Libya's new leaders have been putting pressure on several regime holdout cities in recent days.
Last week, McNichol, best known for her Emmy-award winning roles as Buddy Lawrence in "Family" and later as Barbara Weston in "Empty Nest," shared a photo of herself with her longtime girlfriend Martie Allen and revealed to PEOPLE: "As I approach 50, I want to be open about who I am."
"Kristy feels strongly about fighting bullying and intolerance," says her publicist Jeff Ballard.
In the as-yet-untitled show, Kaling plays a Bridget-Jones type OB/GYN trying to navigate her personal and professional life.
And finally, "West Wing" veteran Richard Schiff will appear in the episode, too, as a former free spirit who's now "a menschy but accomplished OBGYN."
A Los Angeles judge has ordered V.
He has received more mail than any other inmate in state history.
The wall was built between 1366 and 1386 to protect the founding capital of the Ming Dynasty.
Marquez has now won a perfect 225 points this season, 77 points ahead of compatriot Pedrosa, with Italian Valentino Rossi in third, 84 points adrift.
(CNN) -- A second St.
They say suspects are given clothes to change into before having their mug shots taken, and are recorded for the safety of everyone at the jail.
Marine reservist Sgt.
(CNN) -- Hurricane Sandy could affect as many as 60 million people across the eastern U.S.
Relief organizations are readying supplies and volunteers to respond as needed.
The sentences were handed down in a packed courtroom in Cairo as victims' relatives and those convicted wept.
35,000: Number of attendees expected at the Democratic National Convention.
$150 million to $200 million: Expected economic impact on North Carolina, according to the state Department of Commerce.
It's the first documented attack on a U.S.
(CNN) -- World No.
The attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location for the bomb, leading authorities to evacuate people from the center of town to the end of the street, right where the bomb went off.
The Real IRA, a dissident republican paramilitary group, claimed responsibility for the bombing.
Baghdad (CNN) -- Two days after Russian and Iraqi officials announced a major weapons deal, the U.S.
The latest visit is the most significant: Obama will become the first U.S. president to visit India twice, and the first American chief guest at India's Republic Day parade.
(ESSENCE) -- The Rev.
Buy a grilled cheese on your smartphone, and you get a QR code to swipe in store when you arrive.
Throughout his time as Russian leader, Putin has been adept at exploiting divisions within the international community; playing governments off against each other and sensing when the reluctance of certain countries to act would provide him with greater freedom of maneuver.
New Orleans (CNN) -- Waging war against historic flooding in eight Midwestern and Southern states, the U.S.
"I wanted to be everything my mother wasn't," Belcher said.
The "Real Housewives of D.C." TV series was canceled by Bravo in 2011.
J.J.
From corruption, claims of international interference, terrorism and religious extremism to overpopulation, inflation, poverty and unemployment, Pakistan has been famously dubbed by some as the world's most unstable nuclear power.
Nigerian Army spokesman Brigadier Genera Ibrahim Attahiru said the men, dressed in military clothing, launched the attack on a remote road in between Ikwa and Gamboru-Ngala in Borno State, close to the border of Cameroon.
Borno is one of three states placed under a state of emergency by Nigeria's president Goodluck Jonathan in May.
Cosby, who attended the school and served on its board, has been accused of rape by a number of women in recent weeks.
The publication of "Green's Dictionary of Slang" -- a product of 17 years of work that make it the largest slang dictionary ever published in English -- is a glorious event for anyone who loves words and likes to laugh.
Slang" Green records and documents more than 100,000 words and idioms in an OED-like, quotation-packed historical dictionary.
The two championship rings were from the 2009 and 2010 seasons, police said.
To celebrate the iconic program's fortieth anniversary, InStyle takes a look back at five fashionable TV shows -- and characters -- that have influenced women's at-work style.
Reservoir Dogs: Mr.
(CNN) -- The mayor of Springfield, Illinois, was found dead in his home Tuesday morning, the day he had been ordered to present an accounting of his cousin's estate to a judge.
We do not want your food or your aid supplies.
(CNN) -- For the first time since a reported massacre there, U.N.
Peruvian President Alan García had called Bachelet last week to say that the statements by Gen.
Despite being known for their sketches, the current Scott Thompson/Kevin McDonald tour is actually more focused on stand-up comedy.
Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- Alan Gross, a U.S.
Army Sgt.
(CNN) -- Al Sadd coach Jorge Fossati praised his team for overcoming a "big injustice" to become the first Qatari football club to reach the Asian Champions League final.
A collision with Earth would have released about 100 megatons of energy, several thousand times more powerful than the atomic bombs that ended World War II, according to the Gemini Observatory.
Snyder rejected the bill because it did not provide an opportunity for public places -- such as schools, day care centers and hospitals -- to exempt themselves from the provision, the statement said.
Gov.
(CNN) -- Defending champions Egypt will play Ghana in the Africa Cup of Nations final after thrashing bitter rivals Algeria 4-0 in a semifinal that saw their opponents finish with just eight men.
How can it be quantified, and what does it mean that Apple comes out on top?
TEPCO will begin taking out 1,500 spent fuel units from Reactor 4 for storage in safer specially designed containers, the company says.
The Fukushima cleanup has been beset by numerous problems, including the leak of 300 tons of radioactive water from a storage tank.
(CNN) -- U.S. agencies have warned some employees that reading the classified State Department documents released by WikiLeaks puts them at risk of losing their jobs.
(CNN) -- Sina Weibo, China's most popular microblogging platform, has introduced a VIP paid membership package in an effort to monetize its vast community of 324 million users who use its services for free.
(CNN) -- Solid support from registered Democrats and women in New Hampshire were crucial Tuesday as Sen.
(CNN) -- Solid support from registered Democrats and women in New Hampshire were crucial Tuesday as Sen.
Afghan opium kills 100,000 people a year worldwide -- more than any other drug -- and the opiate heroin kills five times as many people in NATO countries each year than the total number of NATO troops killed in combat in Afghanistan, a recent U.N. report said.
Republican Sen.
The group was traveling to take part in the memorial celebration of a historic battle.
The Houthis are Shiite Muslims and followers of slain Shiite cleric Hussein al-Houthi.
For your own well-being and that of the wildlife you encounter, always maintain a safe distance -- no matter how cute or cuddly they may seem.
Group A winners Uzbekistan beat Group B runners-up Jordan 2-1 in Friday's second quarterfinal in front of 16,000 fans at Doha's 40,000-capacity Khalifa Stadium.
Miss Dominican Republic, Ada Aimee De La Cruz, was named first runner-up and would assume Fernandez's duties if she couldn't complete her term.
Clinton said, "There is no room for anyone to be pursuing their own agenda in Bahrain, no matter who it is.
Troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates moved into Bahrain on Monday to "protect the safety of citizens," the Bahraini government said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Poppy production in Afghanistan is at record levels and is threatening the government and security there, the U.S.
Rep.
Rep.
Lance Cpl.
Meanwhile, Germany will face the Czech Republic in the final of the women's Fed Cup teams competition in November.
The Cessna 208 went down near St.
NAACP Vice Chair Roslyn Brock has emerged as the favorite to fill the seat left by Bond, a civil rights leader who has held the post since 1998.
His mother left an estate worth £21 million ($35 million), but more than £8 million ($13.31 million) was paid in inheritance tax, leaving around £13 million ($21.6 million) to be shared between Harry and his brother William, who is second in line to the throne, the British Press Association reported.
More than 210,000 people complain to the Federal Trade Commission monthly about robocalls, those annoying and frustrating illegal automated messages.
(CNN) -- Adventurer and TV show host Bear Grylls injured his shoulder in Antarctica during an expedition to raise money for an international charity, the Discovery Channel said Sunday.
Goodman, who denies two counts of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office, told the court that Diana had sent a phone directory and other details about the royal household to the newspaper's office in east London, the Press Association news agency reported.
The president's role is more formal, and represents the country as the head of the state -- similar to the Queen in the UK.
That is the kind of courage and vision we need in our next commander in chief.
Sen.
Rep.
Sen.
Australian Jason Day and K.J.
(CNN) -- This week's Bank of the West Classic in Stanford, California, reaches a notable milestone as the tournament celebrates its 40th year -- the oldest WTA Tour event on the circuit.
Currently ATMs in Crimea still dispense hryvnia, the Ukrainian currency.
* December 6, 1907 -- Worst coal mine disaster in U.S. history: 362 miners are killed in an explosion at the Monongah Nos.
* March 25, 1947 -- 111 miners are killed in an explosion at the Centralia No.
* May 20, 2006 -- Five miners are killed in an explosion at the Darby Mine No.
But "Crystal Skull" was directed by Steven Spielberg, who has almost certainly earned the right to strike out every now and then.
Spielberg has been producing great, complex, entertaining Hollywood fare for 40 years now.
Why has only one attack suspect been detained, and then released?
• More than 40 percent of respondents said their security situation worsened last year.
Elsewhere at the Olympics, South Korea's Mo Tae-Bum captured the gold medal in the men's 500-meter speed skating event.
Halfway across the globe, Lin's fan base on Sina Weibo, China's top micro-blogging site, has already hit the two million mark, four times the number of his followers on Twitter.
New York Rep.
Google Glass, if we evolve it the right way, should become a 10X improvement on that kind of experience.
The police picture posted on Twitter shows a fully grown shrub with thick foliage in the front garden.
Of the 242 probationary firefighters joining the ranks, 62% are minorities.
"There was no suggestion he was about to carry out a terrorist act," the official said.
Gattuso has been linked with moves to the English Premier League in recent weeks as he was said to be unhappy with his first-team opportunities after battling injury.
But the club have confirmed he will be remaining in Milan for the next three years.
Police learned about his alleged activities from encrypted data on his computer at home, which was seized when he was arrested last month.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Infantry Regiment -- The Old Guard -- has posted watch at the Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington National Cemetery every second of every day for more than 63 years.
Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al-Nahyan, a member of the emirates' ruling family, was charged with rape, endangering life and causing bodily harm in connection with the nearly three-hour long tape shot in 2004 in the desert outside Abu Dhabi, one of the United Arab Emirates in the Persian Gulf region.
Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al-Nahyan, a member of the emirates' ruling family, was charged with rape, endangering life and causing bodily harm in connection with the nearly three-hour long tape shot in 2004 in the desert outside Abu Dhabi, one of the United Arab Emirates in the Persian Gulf region.
"Sheriff Arpaio is a Korean War veteran and a big patriot," said Chrisopher Hegstrom, a spokesman for the Sheriff's Office.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- A plane carrying California Gov.
The directive follows a February ruling from a New York state appeals court.
However, it is likely to raise questions about whether BT is paying too much for sports rights, to which it has now committed nearly £2 billion ($3.2 billion).
Sky was prepared to increase its payments by a greater proportion, but could not match BT.
(CNN) -- Four blasts in and around Baghdad killed at least three people and wounded 16 on Wednesday, police said.
The U.S.
Retired Lt.
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Former gridiron great O.J.
The quake toppled many of Port-au-Prince's buildings, and U.N.
Marines at Camp Lemonier -- the only American military base on the African continent -- spend much of their time vaccinating livestock, repairing schools and giving medical training.
Some Subways will still make you the popular pizza sub from the 1990s.
The decision comes just weeks after Virginia's new Democratic leadership said it wouldn't defend the ban in federal lawsuits.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Nobel laureate biologist James Watson was suspended Friday from his longtime post at a research laboratory and canceled his planned British book tour after controversial comments that black people are not as intelligent as white people.
In February, the 68-year-old executive was sentenced to three years in prison after being convicted of embezzling money from the South Korean conglomerate.
Former Turkey international players Arif Erdem and Fatih Akyel were among those held, along with Bosnia goalkeeper Kenan Hasagic, Turkey's Hurriyet Daily News reported on Wednesday.
Earlier, Obama met with Afghan President Hamid Karzai at the Presidential Palace to discuss progress by the Afghan government in strengthening its ability to run the country and provide security for its people.
There is no approved or scientifically proven treatment for Ebola, and no vaccine.
(CNN) -- An Austrian man who allegedly held his daughter as a sex slave for 24 years has been charged with murdering one of their children, prosecutors say.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Blagojevich faces up to 20 years in prison for each of the 15 most serious charges in the indictment, and five years on a single indictment of making false statements.
Judge G.
Her sentence was changed to a two-year jail term, suspended for five years, Iran's state-run news agency IRNA reported.
The former world No.
He acted in several movies, including "Daylight" and "Rocky V" with his father.
Sen.
In the long message, the writer rails against the government and, particularly, the Internal Revenue Service.
(CNN) -- China's top banker has pulled out of the International Monetary Fund meetings in Tokyo Wednesday in a move widely seen as a protest for the ongoing dispute between Japan and China over islands in the East China Sea.
Zhou Xiaochuan, the governor of the People's Bank of China, was scheduled to give the Per Jacobsson lecture at the IMF-World Bank annual meetings being held this year through Sunday in Tokyo.
China considers Taiwan as a breakaway province and does not recognize it as a sovereign nation.
Every year, thousands of refugees, mostly from Eritrea, Ethiopia and Sudan, attempt the dangerous journey from their war-torn countries to Israel in search of economic prosperity and stability.
Yasuni National Park in Ecuador is less than 0.5% of the Amazon basin but estimated to contain 100,000 species of insects -- or about the same as the whole of North America.
Sunday marked the 50th anniversary of the famous "Daisy" ad run by Lyndon B.
(CNN) -- English double winners Chelsea have failed in a big-money move to sign Brazilian teenage sensation Neymar -- after the 18-year-old decided to remain with his home town club Santos.
Meanwhile, Italian giants Juventus have signed Serbian winger Milos Krasic from CSKA Moscow for a fee of 15 million euros.
(CNN) -- Campaigning resumed in the French presidential election on Thursday following the violent death of shooting suspect Mohammed Merah following a police siege in Toulouse.
Most candidates in the election suspended campaigning following the most recent shooting in Toulouse, but normal politics resumed following the bloody end to the siege.
Most candidates called for national unity amid the national outpouring of grief for the victims.
Marvin Norwood, 30, and Louie Sanchez, 29, both of Rialto, California, are each charged with mayhem, assault and battery, and all three charges are felonies, according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office.
Open champion Justin Rose at the tournament which pits the year's four major winners against each other over two rounds.
(CNN) -- World No.
"Mum thinks I'm an idiot, Dad's not too proud either," he said.
My Xbox Live lets users edit their 3-D avatars, chat with Xbox Live friends and revel in their achievements.
My Xbox Live is available free for download on the iPhone and iPad in the App Store.
(WIRED) -- Microsoft showed off a host of visual and search enhancements to its search engine Bing Wednesday, in hopes that better packaging will help it eat away at Google's online dominance.
"We think it is essential for Egypt to have an inclusive political process; it is the best means of restoring the stability that the Egyptian people want and that is necessary to the country's economic recovery," said Jen Psaki, a spokeswoman for the U.S.
Officials in the U.S.
Washington (CNN) -- U.S.
It's a welcome change, but it doesn't completely solve the problem.
All oil trains in the United States are also outfitted with event recorders, but the crash scorched those mounted in the front of the train.
A few days later, Hope was dialing the number of South Carolina psychiatrist Dr.
Princess Madeleine Therese Amelie Josephine, to give her full name, is the youngest child of Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia and fourth in line to the Scandanavian nation's throne.
British No.
BRCA stands for breast cancer susceptibility genes, a class of genes known as tumor suppressors.
Rivalry between the AMCU and the NUM is widely blamed for feeding the violence.
No one submitted the minimum $3.2 million bid for former Falcon Michael Vick's Atlanta-area mansion.
(CNN) -- Oregon Gov.
The $787 billion bill made it through Congress with the support of three Republicans -- Sens.
The decision to close the detention facility received immediate backing from Obama's general election opponent, Arizona Republican Sen.
In-breeding is a serious problem that can lead to genes being passed on that increase the population's susceptibility to disease and other chronic conditions which threaten the future of the species in our care.
Lt.
Abdullah had called for the resignations of top election officials and politicians to avert electoral fraud in the runoff.
Nearly 10% -- or $8.1 million -- of the foundation's $84.6 million in expenses was spent on travel.
Jury selection concluded Tuesday afternoon with selection of six alternates to back up the 12 jurors chosen Monday.
(CNN) -- Veteran Australian paceman Brett Lee has confirmed that he is retiring from Test cricket after being plagued by injuries in recent years.
"The Security Council condemns the widespread violations of human rights and the use of force against civilians by the Syrian authorities," the eight-paragraph statement says.
Yemeni government forces are trying to wrest the southern town of Zinjibar from Islamic militants, and an American official said U.S. military-led airstrikes have resumed and top insurgents have been killed.
(CNN) -- Manchester United have netted a sponsorship deal with American insurance giants Aon Corporation that will reportedly earn the Premier League champions a staggering $131 million over four years.
That would send United to the top of football's sponsorship income league ahead of the likes of Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Chelsea.
Brittany Killgore, 22, the wife of Lance Cpl.
In July, I visited the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, our nation's health protection agency, and met with its director, Tom Frieden, to learn more about how the CDC is working with other U.S. agencies, the WHO, and domestic and international partners to coordinate Ebola assistance and disease control activities in West Africa.
Spain faces an economic crisis that has brought thousands of protesters to the streets and sparked sharp government austerity measures.
Prince Felipe, next in line to the throne, receives about half that amount
The worldwide medical tourism industry is said to be growing by up to 25% each year as patients with passports head abroad for procedures costing as much as 80% less than at home.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said Tuesday it is pushing forward with the study because an oft-cited 1990 study is dated and because more modern methods of analysis and information sources are available.
Slater has pleaded not guilty to charges of reckless endangerment and criminal mischief -- both felonies -- and criminal trespass.
The designation under Executive Order 13382 freezes any U.S. assets of Hong Kong Electronics and prohibits any transactions with the company by U.S.
(CNN) -- Serbia hosted the Third Meeting of Heads of Government of China and Central and Eastern Europe this week, marking the first visit of a Chinese Premiere to Belgrade in 28 years.
As Bolt made his history, the U.S.
Madrid is one of the highest capitals in Europe, at an elevation of 646 meters or 2,120 feet, but it does not often snow in the city itself, especially with the ferocity seen Friday.
The Cuomo administration said it has delivered letters to various banks and mortgage service providers asking they "use maximum discretion and effort to speed the release of funds."
Thousands of storm-battered residents are still awaiting a total of $208 million in insurance checks.
Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty.
After meeting with Scott last week, U.S.
(CNN) -- The Florida Supreme Court ruled Friday that Gov.
Holder and Rep.
Gounon said the company negotiated with Britain and France to expand its footprint and "explain that there is available capacity within the tunnel."
Last year, the Paris-based company launched a ferry service called MyFerryLink, for large vehicles and passengers who prefer to travel by boat.
Bidding for the vial had topped $30,000 as of Thursday, PFC Auctions said.
Johnny D.
(CNN) -- Microsoft's Windows Phone 8.1 just got an upgrade with the voice of Cortana.
Though she was one of the most seriously hurt that day, Wright is now aiming for a spot on the British Paralympic volleyball team in 2012.
The U.S.
Gov.
"Events" is one of the words Libyans now use to refer to the uprising of February 17.
Some fears have a good role to play in helping to promote caution, Weisman said.
January 1 is particularly poignant to Prague locals as it marks the day the Czech Republic was created after the breakup of Czechoslovakia in 1993.
Weighing in around 300 pounds, Bai Yun is about 1,000 times the size of her cub, who weighs around 4 ounces., the typical size of a baby panda, Swaisgood said.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patrick M.
He called Scientology "brilliant" and credited the church with helping him to survive the death of his teen son, Jett, after a seizure while the family was on vacation in the Bahamas in 2009.
He was the first person to undergo a full face transplant in the United States after an electrical accident left him without a nose, eyes or lips.
Gov.
"Cory Remsburg never gives up, and he does not quit," President Barack Obama declared to the nation in his State of the Union address in January.
Texas Gov.
Saudi officials say el-Gezawi was arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle thousands of pills into the country.
Ron Brownstein, editorial director of the National Journal, points out that Romney ran poorly among evangelical Christians, especially in the South, in 2008.
Even before reaching American shores, the British spy comedy sequel "Johnny English Reborn" had already surpassed its $45 million budget by grossing $85.1 million overseas.
Holders Zambia will be looking to defend last year's fairytale triumph when they won their first-ever AFCON title after beating a star-studded Ivory Coast team in a dramatic penalty shootout.
(CNN) -- America's bid to spread basketball's popularity will continue in the next two years, with Britain to stage men's NBA and women's WNBA pre-season matches along with Olympic build-up games for the U.S. international teams.
(CNN) -- Over the past weekend, Gov.
Young and producer Daniel Lanois recorded the album in a Los Angeles mansion earlier this year.
Sen.
Photographer T.J.
In addition, some people with IBS may have intolerances to certain sugars such as fructose or lactose.
"Where's the African-American Harry Potter or the Mexican Katniss?" de la Peña asked.
No one on the ground was injured in the crash Saturday.
Eastern Congo has been called the "rape capital of the world" by U.N.
In Panzi hospital, Bukavu, Dr.
"ER" alum Mekhi Phifer is set to join the cast as an FBI agent for two episodes this season, starting Thursday.
"Miss Bala" is based on the true story of former Miss Sinaloa, Laura Zúñiga, who was arrested in 2008 for being part of an international drug trafficking ring.
The H7N9 strain is normally found in birds and was never known to infect people until last month.
The U.S.
The Taliban has alleged that U.S. forces used the chemical in fighting insurgents May 4 in Farah province and injured civilians, but that assertion has been denied by the U.S. military.
Most of them took place off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden, a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia.
Somali pirates are still holding four ships for ransom with 80 crew members as hostages.
Other trouble spots this year were waters off Nigeria, with 20 attacks; Malaysia with 14; and Bangladesh with 12.
Meanwhile, the Williams team have confirmed Cosworth will be their new engine supplier from next season.
A transgender first-grader who was born a boy but identifies as a girl has won the right to use the girls' restroom at her Colorado school.
Under DOT rules, airlines must disclose the full price of air travel to consumers.
I've introduced a bipartisan bill with Sen.
The section of law in dispute requires for-profit employers of a certain size to offer insurance benefits for birth control and other reproductive health services without a co-pay.
"What can Iran do with a nuclear weapon?"
The W.R.
A day after a video posted online showed him describing "Two and a Half Men" as "filth" and advising viewers to stop watching the sitcom, actor Angus T.
(Mashable.com) -- Facebook has begun the rollout of a new feature, Facebook Questions, which will allow users to get answers to their queries from the entire Facebook community.
The National Retail Foundation expects shoppers to spend $602.1 billion in November and December, a 3.9% increase from last year's holiday shopping season.
Williams and his team have been in West Africa for 30 days, to set up the initial U.S. military assistance there and have traveled extensively around Liberia.
The Navy tracked the pirates overnight after they attacked a ship called the Safmarine Asia.
Five of Jackson's solo albums -- "Off the Wall," "Thriller," "Bad," "Dangerous" and "HIStory," are among the top-sellers of all time, according to Jackson's label Sony Music.
It was a surprisingly high number for "The Other Woman," given that some analysts speculated the movie would do about half that by appealing strictly to female moviegoers.
Washington (CNN) -- Rep.
Roland S.
UK politicians are facing calls to increase controls on scrap metal dealers to counter thefts during the economic downturn.
Ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones, urinary tract ulcers, and eye and skin irritation, health experts said.
(CNN) -- World MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi cruised to the 100th victory of his illustrious motorcycling career with a comfortable win at the Alice TT Assen race in the Netherlands on Saturday.
Still, there are questions from her 3-year-old that are difficult to hear and answer.
U.S.
Baltacha turned pro in 1997 and spent 132 weeks as British No.
According to her daughter, most of Dunham's notes and other personal effects -- those known and those rediscovered -- will find a final home in the archives of the Smithsonian in Washington, D.C. by next year.
In traditional Hawaiian fashion, her ashes were scattered into the waters of the islands.
Never in the history of Iranian presidential elections has a candidate put his wife in the forefront of his campaign.
"This is the first time after the Revolution we see a lady behind the president," said Farhad Mahmoudi.
(CNN) -- U.S.
Apple and the group have had a long and often fraught relationship, and not just because the computer giant and the Beatles' custom label share a name (which was the cause of the first legal action between the two companies, in 1978).
Tamim's body was found stabbed, with her throat slit, in her apartment in the United Arab Emirates in July 2008.
U.S. and Western diplomats have urged Russia to enter into talks with Ukraine, but Russian officials have shown little interest.
U.S.
Solo travelers account for 11 percent of all American vacationers.
Dr.
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S. government announced Monday that it has eased the requirements for orphaned children from Haiti to enter the United States on a temporary basis.
In China, where superstitions surrounding death are rife, new websites let Internet users leave digital imprints even after they pass away.
The project is in pre-clinical phases and may take another five years of development before it is ready to be used on human burn victims, he said.
Concord, New Hampshire (CNN) -- Republican Scott Brown used the latest potential Ebola case -- this time, a doctor in New York -- to blast President Barack Obama's handling of the virus outbreak in a debate against New Hampshire Democratic Sen.
Free tickets for the show will be given out beginning Monday at 10 a.m., according to Leno's Web site.
The BCS relies on a compilation of polls and rankings instead of, to the consternation of many, actual competition.
About 58 of those arrested were allowed to return to their homes to take care of their children or for other humanitarian reasons, she said.
No one from Columbia Farms or from its parent company, House of Raeford Farms in Raeford, North Carolina, responded immediately to telephone messages.
(CNN) -- Winger Adam Ashley-Cooper scored the fastest hat-trick in Rugby World Cup history on Friday as Australia triumphed 67-5 against the United States.
(CNN) -- Kim Clijsters continued her successful return to tennis by demolishing American third seed Venus Williams in the final of the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami on Saturday.
Born in 1924, Hyde served in the House from 1975 to 2006 and retired at end of the last session.
This week, a comScore study indicates that Americans are increasingly shifting e-mail usage from their computers to their mobile phones (smartphones as well as most feature phones support e-mail) and tablets.
Ivonne Hernandez, 45, was accused in the May 2008 killing of 29-year-old Matthew Beaudoin.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal investigators Tuesday blamed the pilot of a Southwest Airlines jet for causing the plane to skid off a runway at Chicago's Midway Airport in 2005, an accident that killed a 6-year-old boy.
Purnima lives with her family in a room above the carpet factory where her older sister works.
(CNN)The U.S.
(CNN) -- Toyota has announced drastic production cuts in North America and China due to difficulty in supplying parts following the massive earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
The ad, which read in part, "IT'S NOT ISLAMOPHOBIA...
Sound technician Eugene Stachurski rescued the child from the drain and used CPR to revive him on the side of the pool, the police report said.
Counting of ballots began Friday in Sudan, nearly a week after voting began.
Opposition parties accused the ruling National Congress Party of fraud, prompting some parties to partially or fully withdraw from the vote.
So far, 307 people have been killed during months of monsoon rains across Thailand, with more than 8.6 million in 61 provinces affected by the rising floodwater.
Thais across the country are donating food, water and clothing to help the worst-hit areas.
For decades, Anderson has won settlements from Catholic archdioceses across the country for abuse victims and, more than any other attorney in the country, has driven American media coverage of the church abuse scandal.
At $150 million apiece, the F-22A is the most expensive Air Force fighter.
In recent months, King Abdullah has taken a more active role in trying to bridge the gulf between Israelis and Palestinians, filling the vacuum created by the removal of Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak.
Afghan soldiers had been conducting "combat reconnaissance in an area of known militant presence," the statement said, when militants fired at the troops with small-arms and rocket-propelled grenades and a firefight eventually broke out.
Meanwhile, an Australian soldier has been killed by an improvised explosive device Thursday during operations in southern Afghanistan, Australia's Defense Ministry said.
(CNN) -- Author Arthur C.
A preliminary analysis of an oil sample collected in the ocean shows that it is not aircraft engine oil or hydraulic fluid, Australia's Joint Agency Coordination Centre said Thursday.
Local officials said methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S.
Nowadays, fewer and fewer people are catching programs at their air time.
Jimena is expected to weaken into a tropical storm Wednesday night, forecasters said.
U.S.
The Central Committee is an important body in China's top-down political structure.
(CNN) -- U.S. researchers reported a breakthrough Thursday in the search for a vaccine for malaria, the mosquito-borne disease that sickens millions worldwide.
(CNN) -- World No.
7 Elena Dementieva will face fellow Russian Alisa Kleybanova in Sunday's final of the inaugural Malaysian Open as she seeks to win a third title this year.
(CNN) -- U.S. lawmakers considering the closure of the controversial Guantanamo Bay detention center will probably be looking at a rehabilitation program in Saudi Arabia that focuses on religious re-education for captured jihadists.
VALENCIA, Spain -- Defending America's Cup champions Alinghi of Switzerland have revealed they are to start building a multihull yacht for their duel against American challengers Oracle.
(CNN) -- Capt.
Shane Bauer, Sarah Shourd and Josh Fattal were detained July 31 after reportedly straying into Iran while hiking in northern Iraq.
The World Bank ranked Singapore as the best place to do business in the world for 2013, unchanged from 2012.
The U.S.
"He's just answering the questions.
"We are in a state of shock.
Washington (CNN) -- After several years of what it calls broken promises, the U.S. government has singled out Thailand, Malaysia, The Gambia and Venezuela for taking insufficient action against human trafficking.
Testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime.
The Congressional Gold Medal is the nation's highest civilian award.
Many might remember Abdullah for his foreign policy initiatives, including his plan for comprehensive peace between Israel and its Arab neighbors -- adopted first by the Arab League in 2002 and then again 2007 -- or his efforts to foster interfaith understanding by sponsoring international forums aimed at bringing together followers of various religions to stress their shared values, as his meeting with Pope Benedict in 2009 illustrated.
And that's what fellow conservatives had to say Sunday about Alaska Gov.
Hebron is the largest and most contested city in the West Bank.
Mazen Abdul Jawad appeared last week on a show on Lebanese channel LBC, where he went into "graphic details about his sexual conquests," according to Arab News, an English daily.
In deeply conservative Saudi Arabia, pre-marital sex is illegal and unrelated men and women are not allowed to mingle.
The U.S.
The body of a U.S.
In February, President Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates overturned a policy that dated back to the first Persian Gulf war.
The movie is like a less original "WALLâ€¢E," but it's still vibrant and touching.
(CNN) -- When Michaela Cross, a U.S.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations said U.S. border agents and the FBI infringed upon those rights with invasive questionings at the U.S.-Canada border.
Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas objected to the court's decision Monday, calling it a "fool's errand."
Lt.
More than 150 people died in the ensuing chaos and 109 women were sexually abused, the United Nations said in a statement.
Terror Indictment - Learn about the latest charge against a suspect in a terrorism investigation.
Pittsburgh Summit - Hear about some of the challenges facing the world's leading economic powers.
20 Years of News - Look back at some headlines you've seen over 20 years of CNN Student News!
(CNN) -- Jose Mourinho has extended his contract at Serie A champions Inter Milan by 12 months until June 2012, killing off speculation that he could be on his way to Real Madrid.
London (CNN) -- Special coins designed to mark the christening later this month of Prince George, the baby son of Prince William and his wife, Catherine, go into production Tuesday in Britain.
"I'm trying to have sex with her.
It was Columbia record executive John Hammond who saw the huge potential in Dylan.
Democratic candidate Chad Taylor decided to drop out of the race, which means more support may go to an independent candidate against Republican incumbent Sen.
California Lt.
Two of his farm workers ages 21 and 16 are scheduled to appear in court Tuesday after turning themselves in, police said.
Part of the U.S.
Do you know a hero?
"We also need to keep improving mental health services because we have to end this epidemic of suicide among our veterans and troops," Obama said.
The Turkish Airlines Open will be played between November 7-10 and will form part of the new Final Series, the climax European Tour's big-money Race to Dubai.
And while social media users are often portrayed as having short attention spans, the @MarsCuriosity Twitter account continues to receive about 1,000 new followers an hour since landing on the red planet early Monday morning.
Shops in Ayutthaya are mostly flooded and closed, and people unable to leave their homes are waiting for help to arrive.
The Americans did not appear for trial and are not in custody, but the ruling could effectively make them international fugitives.
Three people died and 23 were injured in the other attacks.
U.S.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy was quick to throw off the "Merkozy" mantel early on in his campaigning once he realized that vaunting his friendship with the German chancellor was the last thing his electorate wanted to hear, but it appears to have been in vain.
But Merkel stood by her one-time ally, saying she continued to support him in his re-election bid.
Much was made of the fact that the German chancellor's office has made no official overtures to Hollande.
The threat was specific to one building, but all 12 buildings at the institute were evacuated as a precaution, Moscow police said.
Police have been combing through the buildings with sniffer dogs.
Nissan will inspect the SUVs and repair the vehicles free of charge as needed.
Jim Carrey hosted "Saturday Night Live" for the third time.
The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur, and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes.
The video ends with the slogan: "To compete on English soil, we train on Argentine soil."
Johnston was arrested in her home in Wasilla, Alaska, on six felony counts of misconduct involving a controlled substance, police said.
However, U.S.
Android device users will be able to use video and voice chat with any Google Talk contact using another Android devices (phones or tablets) or Google Talk on Gmail.
The features will work of standard 3G, 4G and Wi-Fi connections.
Secretary of State John Kerry met with Israeli and Palestinian leaders as well as U.N.
A court originally sentenced Sgt.
Prosecutors had accused Drake, 54, of leaking information to a reporter and charged him last year in a 10-count indictment of willful retention of national defense information, obstruction of justice and making false statements.
Taraji P.
Mosul, Iraq (CNN) -- The last U.S.
Christopher Ophardt, spokesman for the 4th Stryker Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division, said the last of the 4,000 members of the unit crossed the border into Kuwait early Thursday.
BAA must sell the airports in sequence, beginning with Gatwick -- which went up for sale in September -- then Stansted and then either Edinburgh or Glasgow, the commission said.
The show is a single camera sitcom from Jackie and Jeff Filgo ("That '70s Show," "The New Adventures of Old Christine") about a lowly cubicle worker named Neil (Penn) who has his identity stolen, only to like the fake life he's been given more than the boring one he was living.
Penn left his role on "House" to work for the Obama administration in 2009, then last year returned to Hollywood.
Troops loyal to Libya's new leaders have been putting pressure on several regime holdout cities in recent days.
Kaka is currently in Brazil with the national team ahead of a World Cup qualifier against Uruguay, and on Tuesday had appeared to rule out a move from Italy's Serie A.
North Korean U.N.
(CNN) -- Mercedes' Nico Rosberg has secured the first pole position of his career at the qualifying session for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
Rubio affirmed the importance of America's economic and military interests in Asia and expressed support for the so-called "rebalance" -- the Obama administration's effort to re-engage with Asia by forging deeper alliances with friendly nations and pursuing a stable relationship with China.
"All of a sudden the guide started to panic ...
"StarCraft II" uses a wide range of colors, and the attention to detail on things like marines' mechanized moving parts or the fluorescent glow of laser beams is spectacular as well.
It also helps amputee victims train their bodies to walk on these new limbs.
Ben Ray Lujan of New Mexico -- to replace Rep.
(CNN) -- An Australian pilot landed a company plane in the ocean off Darwin on Friday, in a water landing that prompted comparisons to last month's landing of a US Airways jet in New York's Hudson River.
North Waziristan is one of seven districts in Pakistan's tribal region along the Afghan border and widely believed to be a haven for the Haqqani network and other militant groups that are fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan.
Rep.
In January, the Taiwanese government offered the island's residents up to $108 each to go shopping, in another attempt to stimulate the economy.
Mohamed, a Muslim-American from Alexandria, Virginia, is suing the U.S. government over the alleged detention.
Mohamed had been trapped in Kuwait for nearly a month, according to a lawsuit filed Tuesday in federal court in Virginia.
Lange, who turns 60 next month, suffered bruised ribs, a broken collarbone and a small cut on her forehead, spokeswoman Leslee Dart said Wednesday.
Army Lt.
Google said the cars can detect objects up to 200 yards away in all directions and adjust their speed, turns and braking accordingly.
The board will look at how to handle the high-stress climate facing recruiters who may be both under pressure from their job and victims of post-combat deployment stress, according to Douglas Smith, a spokesman from the U.S.
Walmart spokesperson Dianna Gee said the company is aware of the problem and is working to address it.
Aaron Walker, press secretary for FEMA, submitted his resignation to the administration's chief David Paulison Wednesday afternoon, according to a FEMA official.
(CNN) -- World No.
They are told not to perform service on iPhones with these problems and instead to give customers a PR-driven recitative instead.
No attacks against Shiite pilgrims were reported in Baghdad and Karbala in the last several days, police officials in both cities told CNN.
Rose Kabuye was arrested Saturday at the Frankfurt airport while on a private visit, the ministry said.
(CNN) -- Swedish golfer Richard S.
Meanwhile, Germany's Bernhard Langer claimed his first major title on the seniors circuit with a one-shot victory at the British Open on Sunday.
That was former President George W.
(CNN) -- LeBron James has been named the NBA's Most Valuable Player for the second year in a row after claiming 116 of a possible 123 first place votes.
New York held its No.
National Geographic Kids magazine encouraged readers to donate their old denim instead of throwing it away.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- More than 33,000 items of old denim -- jeans, hats and jackets -- were sent to Washington in a recycling effort that will benefit disaster-struck homes, officials said.
He has been the subject of an international extradition battle since he was arrested in Switzerland in September on a U.S.
China needs to master this docking technique to be able to build its own manned space station by around 2020.
Over the years, China has been catching up, pumping enormous sums of money and resources into research and training.
A Boeing Company technician confirmed that the piece is a support structure from a trailing edge flap on the wing of a Boeing 767 like the ones that were flown into the World Trade Center.
(CNN) -- Rory McIlroy has been handed a fitness boost ahead of the prestigious WGC-Accenture World Match Play Championship in Arizona next week.
"When I hear gunshot, it's not one or 20.
(CNN) -- Facebook announced on Monday it is rolling out a new feature so users can reply directly to comments left on their page.
For now, threaded replies only apply to Facebook pages, not profiles.
Under California law, a 14-year-old is not eligible for the death penalty or a sentence of life without the possibility of parole, according to a statement from Egan's office.
If found guilty, the boy could receive no more than 32 years to life plus 15 years.
Washington (CNN) -- President Obama worked behind closed doors to win support among key House Democrats for his health care reform plan Thursday, one day after urging Congress to hold a final up or down vote on the measure.
The Pop Century Resort is located in the ESPN Wide World of Sports complex in Lake Buena Vista, near Orlando.
The president appeared with Education Secretary Arne Duncan and former Florida Gov.
World No.
Tropical Storm Bill -- which is forecast to become a hurricane on Monday -- was in the Atlantic heading west-northwest with maximum sustained winds of 70 mph.
Get small bills or coins from your hotel's front desk to make tipping easier.
The copy of Action Comics No.
Alaska Sen.
After the speech, Colorado Sen.
Brown was arrested Sunday night in connection with an alleged domestic violence incident in Hollywood early Sunday morning, police said.
Circumstances surrounding Sgt.
Papua New Guinea is on the so-called Ring of Fire, an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.
Papua New Guinea is on the so-called Ring of Fire, an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.
He was born Joe Willie Perkins in Belzoni, Mississippi, on July 7, 1913.
(CNN) -- Gas prices have jumped nearly 7 cents a gallon over the past two weeks, reaching a level more than 75 cents higher than they were a year ago, according to a survey published Sunday.
In the buddy cop drama, Warren Kole and Michael Ealy play homicide detectives whose constant quarreling gets them sent to couples therapy.
Walger famously played Penny on "Lost" and has also been in "In Treatment" and "Tell Me You Love Me."
(EW.com) -- Actress Jeanne Cooper — star of "The Young and the Restless," which earned 23 nominations this morning from the Daytime Emmys — has returned to the hospital due to an undisclosed illness.
Cooper, 84, was recently discharged after spending several weeks in treatment, but her son Corbin Bernsen posted on Facebook that a return was necessary.
James Thurman, the top U.S.
Switzerland offered Sunday to host a meeting between North and South Korea in hopes of calming tensions.
A winter weather system blasted broad swaths of the West and Midwest this week, dumping heavy snow.
Drug-fueled violence reached record levels in Mexico last year, with around 5,400 slayings, more than double the 2,477 reported in 2007, Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora said last month.
(CNN) -- Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announced Sunday that national elections will take place September 7.
Rudd challenged Gillard for leadership of the Labor Party and won a 57-45 vote among fellow Labor members of parliament.
(CNN) -- Victor Chu is chairman and CEO of Chinese investment firm, First Eastern Investment Group.
Last summer, the FAA authorized drone flights over Arctic waters.
Uber, a service that dispatches cars for hire using mobile apps, is offering on-demand helicopters from Manhattan to East Hampton.
(CNN) -- Rep.
Marine for the alleged rape of a 14-year-old Japanese girl and allegations Thursday that an employee of the U.S.
Lara, for her part, has no idea of her husband's plan -- the usually sunnier Banks is an interesting, counterintuitive casting choice -- and when she finds out, she adds her own complications.
John Boulachanis, 37, was arrested Thursday in Miami, according to a news release issued Saturday by the U.S.
Doug Tompkins and his wife Kris have dedicated their lives to land conservation in Argentina and Chile.
Saudi authorities shut down the Lebanese network's offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after the interview aired a few months ago.
Any kind of print advertising should be treated as an art form.
Matthew Fisher sued former Procol Harum bandmate Gary Brooker in the House of Lords, Britain's highest court.
(CNN) -- The Netherlands came from a goal down to beat 10-man Brazil 2-1 in their World Cup quarterfinal clash in Port Elizabeth on Friday.
The Hula Valley, in Galilee, is an important resting and refueling place for migrating birds on their annual journey of thousands of kilometers from Europe and Asia to Africa and back.
Washington (CNN) -- Rep.
By late Saturday night, 72 bodies had been found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside the compound of the Rifles, or BDR, in the capital city, Dhaka, the Home Ministry said.
Fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers, shot or stabbed to death.
Supporters of the law had argued that it would promote childbirth.
It can also impact the U.S. food supply.
It fought a 25-year war seeking an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka.
The bodies were found January 12 in Rust's apartment in El Reno, about 30 miles west of Oklahoma City.
"We're trying to raise our children away from all of the ideologies happening inside Syria," Beyti's co-founder Yakzan Shishakly tells us, alluding to the radical extremist violent Muslim ideology that is thriving in his homeland.
And the State Department cautioned Americans about traveling to Russia given "the possibility of violence or anti-U.S. actions directed against U.S. citizens or U.S. interests."
The code includes provisions for enabling and disabling winks as a command, as well as a couple of lines for calibration and one called "EYE_GESTURES_WINK_TAKE_PHOTO."
Ferguson, Missouri (CNN)A tense Ferguson is waiting to hear whether a St.
Elise Testone and Erika Van Pelt joined Shannon in the bottom three, so they all sat glowering like three icky girls that the stupid, stupid little boys refused to pick for their kickball teams at recess.
Brussels is home to NATO, the European Commission and European Council, as well as many other international organizations.
EW has confirmed a Variety report that the studio has plans to reunite Jim Carrey with the "Yes Man" writers (Jarrad Paul and Andrew Mogel) for a new chapter in the life of the newscaster who is handed God's powers and responsibilities after complaining about the big man's negligence.
Former Harvard professor and civil rights leader Cornell West said on CNN on Sunday that Barry "had his flaws" but was a "great freedom fighter" for the poor and disenfranchised.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- One million free text messages will be sent every day for 12 months from Monday in South Africa in a bid to raise HIV awareness and encourage testing for the disease.
The initiative plans to broadcast millions of health messages every month to phones across South Africa.
Health Global Access Project also wants Congress to lift the federal ban on funding syringe exchange so clean needles are available to users, Jose De Marco said in the statement.
Over 40 prestigious schools have set up alliances and campuses in the Middle East.
Home Secretary Theresa May has until April 17 to appeal the latest ruling.
U.S. troops lowered the flag of command that flew over the Iraqi capital, carefully rolled it and cased it in camouflage in accordance with Army tradition.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E.
U.N.
The battle against AQAP has helped make Yemen's government a U.S.
Extraordinary photos obtained by CNN from someone directly involved in the Thai operation show refugees on their rickety boats being towed out to sea, cut loose and abandoned.
Rep.
Washington (CNN) -- The FBI and the Secret Service are investigating another incident involving a website that has divulged purported personal information about senior U.S. government officials and celebrities.
The data does not indicate exactly how many weapons might have been purchased, as some customers buy more than one gun at a time.
December was the top record-setting month, with 2,783,765 background checks.
(CNN) -- At least 21 people were killed and dozens wounded in shootings and explosions across Iraqi on Friday, officials say.
During the Warren controversy, Obama -- who frequently spoke out in favor of gay and lesbian rights during the campaign but has said he opposes same-sex marriage -- declared himself "a fierce advocate for gay and lesbian Americans."
Seven works of "considerable value" disappeared in the museum theft, spokeswoman Mariette Maaskant said on Netherlands public radio.
Here's the shocking truth: If you stop using Facebook so often, you won't need it so much.
To temporarily hit the "off" button, click on Account, then Deactivate.
"I don't want anyone feeling sorry for me.
(CNN) -- World heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko has told reporters that he believes rival David Haye is only bluffing with his threats to quit boxing in October.
(CNN) -- An R.
Much of the anxiety surrounding Paul in South Carolina is coming not from his activist base but from the traditional donor class -- even some with long ties to former South Carolina Sen.
The U.N.
Facebook is about to completely change the way its profile pages look as part of the website's biggest redesign so far, and only a fraction of the website's 800 million users seem to have the slightest clue.
In the 1980s, the group disavowed violence and attempted to join the mainstream political process, but it was banned by the regime of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
In 2005, it won 20% of the seats in Egypt's parliamentary elections, running as independents.
Phobias are the No.
These are among the more than 100,000 objects that have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on the National Mall.
Nurudeen pretended to be a 57-year-old British engineer working with a multinational company in Nigeria.
We were looking for dads' thoughts on the 30-year anniversary of "Mr.
Lahm will continue to play for club side Bayern Munich with whom he extended his contract prior to the tournament in Brazil.
International pressure has since been mounting against al-Assad over his regime's bloody crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators, amid concerns that violence in Syria is escalating.
While neither side officially claimed casualties, witnesses told a journalist about 30 people died in the fighting.
"We talked to the family and advised them that we possibly, most likely, found the remains of J.
Sen.
Beyond the deceased, there are endless duplicate accounts -- Entrustet found that 150% of 20- to 24-year-olds in the U.S. are on Facebook -- not exactly a plausible tally.
Speaking in Bratislava, Slovakia, ECB President Mario Draghi said the central bank is "ready to act if needed."
The 6-inch doll is made by New York toymaker Jailbreak Toys and is set for release on November 20, but the company began work on the new product six or seven months ago, according to Jason Feinberg, Jailbreak Toys' 32-year-old founder.
"Veterans don't always ask for help.
He said it felt like a scene from a Michael Mann movie "where you would expect really smart writing and great acting."
Baldwin was in Washington Monday to promote federal funding for the arts.
Police have identified four minor boys who were victims of the alleged abuse, including a 16-year-old who may have been abused for six years.
"Neither side has the wherewithal to move," the official said.
Fast forward more than three decades, and Vladimir Putin's Russia is by no means the threat -- materially or ideologically -- that the Soviet Union was during the Cold War.
"Big Mo," as George H.W.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Yellin.
Brig.
Holt told CNN that as a "healthy" bank, Northern Trust did not seek the $1.6 billion it received from the government as part of the U.S.
However, Jackson did have a slight pulse when Dr.
"Money won't buy you happiness.
"You are young, You will have 500 million other opportunities," HearADC says his dad told him.
"Watch how a man treats a waitress or waiter and his parents.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron E.
But they're sure that the infection has hit both classified and unclassified machines at Creech.
The 23-year-old is the youngest player to win the trophy, named after 18-time major winner Jack Nicklaus, since Tiger Woods triumphed back in 1998
Nest, the learning thermostat, can be programmed to perfectly match your daily activities.
Experts attribute the spike in protests to employers maximizing their shrinking profits at the expense of workers.
-- The shortest: George Washington's 1790 address was only 833 words and is believed to have lasted less than 10 minutes.
Saying that climate change ranks among the world's most serious problems -- such as disease outbreaks, poverty, terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction -- U.S.
Upon arrival at the camp, Eger said Dr.
Alaska Gov.
The bill now goes to the desk of Gov.
The IPA has been greeted by many developers as an important step away from the "patent trolling" that many tech companies have been accused of recently -- most notably Intellectual Ventures, founded by Microsoft veteran Nathan Myhrvold, as well as Yahoo.
A year after crying his eyes out on Wimbledon's Centre Court, Andy Murray finally ended Britain's 77-year wait for a men's singles champion in July.
(CNN) -- South Korea's $230 million National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art (MMCA) opened in November with a towering ambition -- become what the MoMA is to New York and the Tate is to London.
(CNN) -- A 25-foot dead whale washed ashore on New York's Jones Beach Island on Thursday morning, a New York State Parks official said.
(CNN) -- A coroner has adjourned the fourth inquest into the death of a baby believed to have been killed by a dingo in central Australia more than 30 years ago.
U.S.
The embassy was attacked last month by a man Turkish authorities say belonged to the Marxist Leninist organization known as the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party, or DHKP-C, which the U.S. government and others label a terrorist organization.
(CNN Student News) -- Students will examine Dr.
Gov.
But Disney's animated musical "Frozen" managed to score a not-so-severe 53 percent fall to $31.6 million this weekend, which sent it past "Catching Fire" and straight into the No.
(CNN) -- Liverpool have signed Argentina international Maxi Rodriguez on a free transfer from Atletico Madrid.
The 29-year-old winger has penned a three-and-a-half-year deal with Rafael Benitez's side after four years in the Spanish capital.
In other transfer news, Serie A side Fiorentina have agreed terms with Partizan Belgrade to sign promising midfielder Adem Ljajic.
So far 26 states have signed on to the national Common Core Standards while several have opted not to use the standards.
From those figures, Wii Fit calculates your body mass index (BMI), a standard metric many doctors use to determine a person's overall fitness, which you can track over time.
His last public appearance was in April at the Revolver Golden Gods Awards when he accepted a vocalist of the year award for his work on last year's Heaven and Hell album.
(CNN) -- At 44 meters long (145 ft), Hemisphere is the largest sailing catamaran in the world.
Hemisphere's interior has been tailored specifically to the luxury market; 17 different types of granite have been used inside and 16 leather finishes have been applied, according to Burgess, the yacht's charterers.
Hemisphere's interior has been tailored specifically to the luxury market; 17 different types of granite have been used inside and 16 leather finishes have been applied, according to Burgess, the yacht's charterers.
Data is now a $300 billion-a-year industry and employs 3 million people in the United States alone, according to the McKinsey Global Institute.
Acxiom Chief Executive Officer Scott Howe agreed to speak with CNN in his first television interview since taking the top job at the company a year ago.
The ideological battle comes as Prince William is scheduled to begin a Royal Air Force tour of duty there next month -- a move which has drawn more attention to the islands at a time when Argentinian officials are increasingly criticizing the British presence in the area.
"The important thing with jewelry, real or fake, is that it doesn't look cheap, or garish," says J.
"1 of the great engineer/producers of our time," tweeted guitarist Slash.
Launching in early 2015, the first-ever Chinese version of Big Brother will air for ten weeks, with production in China set to begin shortly, according to Endemol China -- part of the Asian arm of one of the world's leading multi-platform program makers -- who will partner with Chinese digital video platform Youku Tudou Inc. to produce the show.
(CNN) -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter has been cleared of any misconduct by an internal investigation into the bribery scandal that threatened to drag football's world governing body into terminal crisis.
She wrote about the relationship between politics and religion in her 2006 book, "The Mighty and the Almighty."
I believe both sides of the spectrum desperately need to open up more actual conversations rather than shutting down ideas and possibilities.
TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- Japan's GDP fell 4 percent last quarter, the fastest pace on record, the government said on Wednesday.
This was the fourth straight quarter the Japanese economy contracted.
(CNN) -- It's a bromance we never saw coming: Paul Simon and Sting will embark on a tour of North America together early next year.
Standing at an altar made of the wooden remnants of refugee boats and dressed in purple robes normally reserved for lent and mourning, Pope Francis gave an emotional homily focused on "global indifference" to the refugee and irregular migrant problem.
The 27-year-old man was admitted to hospital in New Delhi Monday with 90% burns to his body, but doctors could not save him and he died on Wednesday, said L.K.
Dramatic pictures showed the man, named by the London-based Free Tibet group as Jampa Yeshi, running along the street in flames as hundreds of protesters gathered outside the Indian parliament to protest against Chinese rule in Tibet.
She was convicted of violating the kingdom's strict Islamic law by not having a male guardian with her at the mall.
About four dozen union and civic groups have joined to oppose G-20 efforts, such as globalizing financial systems, the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions has announced.
The "person" appears to be wearing an old-style greenish ruff around the neck.
Aitchison insists he did not tamper with the image and cannot explain it.
He was arrested in a military raid in Libya in June and charged in federal court in Washington, D.C., mere yards away from Capitol buildings where he has become the center of political controversy.
During the news conference, Obama called Clinton a woman of "extraordinary intelligence and toughness" who will "command respect in every capital."
The unmanned rocket was destroyed shortly after launch on the Virginia coast on Tuesday night.
Florence and the Machine's second album is as dark, robust and romantic as ever, but a revving 18-wheeler is no longer the apt metaphor for Welch's voice.
The music touches on Celtic melodies, bluesy rock stomps, nods to goth and gospel.
The album concludes with the rock-gospel uplift of "Leave My Body," as Welch roars out a vision of transcendence: "I'm gonna leave my body/Moving up to higher ground/Lose my mind."
According to the U.N. survey, about a quarter of the earnings from opium go to farmers.
It was his third run-in with the law in his home state in recent months, which included a citation for marijuana possession in Greer, South Carolina, in August.
Around 400 people were executed in England and some 4,000 in Scotland for alleged witchcraft, campaigners say.
The Witchcraft Act of 1735 put an end to trials of accused witches, but many still faced persecution and jail for other crimes such as fraud.
In 2004, one Scottish town managed to get a pardon for the 81 accused witches that had been put to death there.
Davos, Switzerland (CNN) -- Toyota's president apologized Friday for the gas pedal problems that have forced the recall of millions of vehicles in the United States and Europe, Japanese media reported.
It was Akio Toyoda's first remarks since the latest round of recalls began last week.
(CNN) -- World No.
(CNN) -- Hundreds of prisoners in Myanmar have been granted their freedom, according to the state-run newspaper, just days before President Barack Obama is scheduled to become the first sitting U.S.
He was the 2006 Young Global Leader of the World Economic Forum and is a regular speaker at international conferences.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- India's financial capital of Mumbai was put on a high-tide alert with officials expecting a water rise of up to 197 inches (5 meters).
There's no evidence that Bales had been diagnosed or treated for PTSD or that his case had been reversed, though his attorney suggested Tuesday that he would make PTSD an issue in the case.
Between 4 and 6 percent of the U.S. population suffers from seasonal affective disorder, according to the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio, but 10 to 20 percent of the population may suffer from more mild winter doldrums.
Wisconsin beat Arizona 64-63 on Saturday night and earned a spot in the Final Four of the NCAA men's basketball tournament.
The bridge's failure in late May sent cars tumbling into the river and severed the state's main artery to Canada, on which trucks carry an estimated $13.9 billion annually in cargo.
"This was Gary, Indiana, and I had to make sure that they didn't get in any type of trouble, and things of that sort."
Once Moss' last episode airs on Sept.
(CNN) -- Rep.
The incident occurred in the afternoon during Scott May's Daredevil Stunt Show at the Kent County Showground, southeast of London, police said.
TV Everywhere represents an alternative -- and possible threat -- to the popular Hulu model.
The bomb blast 10 years ago ripped a 40-by-60-foot hole in the side of the ship, according to the U.S.
DORCHESTER, Massachusetts (CNN) -- Friends, family and colleagues paid tribute to Massachusetts Sen.
(CNN) -- Manchester City manager Robert Mancini has confirmed that the English Premier League side are in negotiations with two Brazilian clubs over a loan move for Robinho.
Elsewhere, West Ham are set to sign South Africa international Benni McCarthy after agreeing an undisclosed fee with Blackburn Rovers.
(CNN) -- Lionel Messi scored an extra-time winner as Barcelona came from behind to beat Estudiantes 2-1 in the Club World Cup final on Saturday to confirm the Spanish and European champions as the top team on the planet.
(CNN) -- World No.
"Act like a Thug Die like one!"
Specter died of complications from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma at his home in Philadelphia, his family said.
The slain officer was Sgt.
Taylor has neuroblastoma, a cancer that affects the nervous system.
Saint-Marc, Haiti (CNN) -- Patients arrive at the front gates of St.
Eid Mubarak (pronounced EED muh-BAR-ack) and Eid Saeed are routine greetings used during the observance to offer best wishes.
Eid al-Adha is also known as the Feast of Sacrifice or Greater Eid.
Smith was a two-time All-America defensive end at Michigan State University.
Why you need them: Probiotics have been shown to boost immunity, improve digestive and skin health, lower "bad" LDL cholesterol, fight gum disease, and enhance weight control, so there's plenty to benefit from for women over 50.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
3 Doors Down may be best known for its song "Kryptonite," but had a string of hits in the early 2000s, including "When I'm Gone" and "Here Without You."
A judge ruled in favor of her appeal last week, Mexico's Attorney General's Office said in a statement Saturday.
The international community has applauded recent steps toward greater openness in Myanmar, also known as Burma, long secluded from the rest of the world after a military junta grabbed power in 1962.
The House, which passed the earlier version last month by a margin of seven votes, 186-179, must approve the changed version before it can be sent to Gov.
Around half of all mobile gamers in this survey said they had upgraded a free trial game to the full or paid version in the past year.
Authorities had issued an Amber Alert for Isaih Perez on Sunday morning.
Winter was just 15 in 1959 when he began playing guitar in Texas clubs.
Another big year for Winter was 1969, when he played at the Woodstock festival.
Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer became the new owner of the NBA's Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday, concluding a public saga in which the league expelled one of the prior co-owners for racist comments.
#2: "I Want to Hold Your Hand" "I Want to Hold Your Hand" was most American's first exposure to the songwriting magic of Lennon and McCartney, setting off Beatlemania.
A U.S.
When Russian President Vladimir Putin announced the annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region Tuesday and signed a formal decree, he made a major European crisis almost irreversible.
Applications for the Peace Corps from adults over 50 have spiked 44 percent in 2008 compared to 2007, driven largely by the weak economy and a campaign launched in 2007 to lure mature volunteers.
Got a story of your own to share?
This is the third major accident to shake Turkey's mining industry in 6 months.
The format has a huge following in the U.S. where devotees gather at historic courses to play an "authentic" round of golf.
Security forces on Friday searched the home of Andal Ampatuan Jr., mayor of Datu Unsay and son of the provincial governor of Maguindanao, according to Brawner.
Authorities say Andal Ampatuan Jr.
Instead, she said she was "saddened and disappointed" that her words were "totally taken out of context" by the media.
(CNN) -- Indian batsman Virender Sehwag admitted he was not too disappointed after he fell seven agonising runs short of a world record third triple-century in the third Test against Sri Lanka.
The U.S.
Go to New Hampshire, where they don't have a sales tax, and you're fixing to give them one," said Texas Gov.
The so-called Forgotten Australians -- children who came from British families struggling with severe poverty or from institutions in the UK -- were brought to Australia in a program that ended 40 years ago.
Dr.
Editor's note: Ralph J.
A U.N.
The Colorado movie theater where a shocking gun rampage in July killed 12 people and wounded 58 others reopened Thursday despite criticism from the families of some of the victims.
Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al-Maktoum, Chairman of Emirates Airlines talks strategy and adresses rumours about the airline.
DuBois was last seen walking alone to school on February 13, 2009.
MTV Networks even rolled out an iPhone app to help combat bullying.
(CNN) -- Vermont's House and Senate voted Tuesday to override the governor's veto of a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in the state.
(CNN) -- Former President George W.
Also at Cannes will be Heath Ledger's last film, "The Imaginarium of Dr.
"What Super Bowl commercial?"
"It sounds absolutely silly, but it's a serious sport," Verstegen says.
A TSA spokesman said the TSA is working closely with police on the case.
(CNN) -- A U.S. citizen injured in a 1997 suicide bombing in Jerusalem is claiming money from the Warwick New York Hotel, which will host Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for the upcoming annual U.N. assembly, the man's lawyer says.
Womack was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2009.
13,000 - 15,000 - Members of the media expected to attend the convention.
46 - Percent of the vote GOP candidate John McCain received in Florida in the 2008 election.
53 - Percent of the vote Barack Obama received in Florida in the 2008 election.
PARIS, France (CNN) -- French Internet users who download files illegally could have their service cut off under a new law enacted by the French government.
Now, Deadline reports that Warner Bros. has acquired an untitled Armstrong project with a script by Scott Z.
(CNN) -- World number four Andy Murray continued his superb end of season form, coming back from a set down to beat top seed and defending champion Rafael Nadal in the final of the Japan Open in Tokyo on Sunday.
The U.S.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- The defense anesthesiology expert in the trial of Michael Jackson's doctor was found in contempt of court Wednesday for referring to his private talks with Dr.
Family, she said, is "at the core of this country."
The bomb squad was called "out of an abundance of caution," the TSA said.
If the U.S.
In the end, Cuccinelli was hurt by the same tea party alliance that won him the nomination at the Virginia GOP convention earlier this year.
(CNN) -- A South Korea court ruled that both Apple and Samsung violated each other's patents, in a case that mimics legal battles between the electronics giants around the world.
In Italy, Lazio booked a place in the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup after beating Hellas Verona 3-2 in Rome.
No matter what happened at the meeting, Gibbs said, Obama will not announce a decision on troop deployment until at least next week.
The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D.
The second issue of Bronte's "Young Men's Magazine" -- written in 1830 when she was just 14 -- smashed pre-sale estimates of $310,000 to $465,000, and set a record for manuscripts by the Bronte sisters.
Ansar al Sharia, an al Qaeda affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack.
Nearly 26 million Americans have diabetes, and another 79 million Americans are considered pre-diabetic, according to the American Diabetes Association.
The Ministry of Communications said the teacher was deported for her "activities linked to radical opposition groups," as well as violating the terms of her work permit by working as an unaccredited journalist.
Tensions in the kingdom remain high after a 2011 uprising in which the majority Shiite population protested against the ruling Sunni minority.
So this is no usual time as the nation rallies behind the queen as she celebrates her diamond jubilee.
"This latest massive influx of people, who have endured extreme conditions, will put an even greater strain on the transit and IDP sites that are already buckling under the pressure of the existing IDP population," the U.N.
(CNN) -- Formula One's new Team U.S.
(Financial Times) -- With dark clouds gathering over the Chinese economy, the government has started to talk about the importance of supporting growth and speculation is mounting about what actions it will take.
One of the most impressive spectacles was a very erotic S&M-themed mini-set, launched with a fairly faithful cover of Prince's "Darling Nikki," during which Rihanna, dressed in a tuxedo and toting a cane, spanked, groped and pretended to smack three nearly nude female dancers.
Antagonism towards Islam has lately spiraled into anti-Muslim strife in other parts of the country.
"Boy Meets World" heartthrob Rider Strong is engaged to actress Alexandra Barreto, his rep confirms to EW.
The couple met while co-starring in the short-lived TV series "Pepper Dennis" in 2006.
In November, Strong revealed that he will not be involved in "Girl Meets World," Disney Channel's highly anticipated BMW spinoff:
Today she is the 62nd most powerful woman in the world, according to Forbes, but admits the notoriously male-dominated banking world has been a "tough area to crack."
He's likely to be replaced by Democratic Party leader Matteo Renzi, a rising political star who won the party's primary a couple of months ago.
As Ren, the urban hipster who is taken in by his uncle after his mom dies, Kenny Wormald doesn't eclipse Kevin Bacon's star-making performance, but he's an attractive actor who refrains from posturing.
Because he's cast real dancers, Brewer doesn't have to slice and dice the choreography: the music sequences (including eight new numbers and the four biggest hits from the 84 version) are dynamic and exciting.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Georgia had asked the justices to lift the stay, which was granted minutes before Hill had been scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday night.
The Niger Delta is a region in Nigeria consisting of nine oil-producing states.
"Whoever wants to turn himself in, do it now," he said.
My mom never smoked -- in fact, studies show one in five women diagnosed with lung cancer never smoked -- and so her lingering, months-long cough didn't trigger any red flags.
Forecasters say Dallas temperatures will bump up to a high of 61 degrees by game day.
The espionage group mainly targeted U.S. blue chip companies in 20 separate industries from aerospace to financial services.
The report's figures are different from those held by the FBI.
Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993, when spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the Lamalunga cave, deep under the town of Altamura.
In December, Malaga were handed a season-long ban from UEFA club competitions after falling foul of FFP.
Paul Ryan and Sen.
The Tamil Tigers have their roots in the earliest days of Sri Lanka's independence in 1948.
Do you know a hero?
Activision's Kyle Walker boldly declares: "This is the Bond event of 2010."
The bipartisan report, "Flashing Red: A Special Report on the Terrorist Attack at Benghazi," released Monday by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs, cites "extremely poor security in a threat environment that was 'flashing red.'
(CNN) -- Terrorists in Benghazi, Libya, "essentially walked right into the Benghazi compound unimpeded and set it ablaze," a special Senate report on the September 11 attack that killed a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans says.
(CNN) -- The Toyota-owned Fuji International Speedway circuit will stop hosting the Japanese Grand Prix from next year -- the track operators have announced.
U.N. peacekeeper force commander General Martin Luther Agwai
Jackson's lawyers have not responded to the suit, which was filed on January 21.
The bright streaks you see are "interplanetary dust" burning up as it collides with our atmosphere at about 133,000 mph, according to NASA micrometeoroid expert Diego Janches.
(CNN) -- South Carolina Gov.
(CNN) -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho has claimed he did not assault a journalist after his side's 1-1 draw with Atalanta.
The idea -- which builds off the Google Cloud Print announcement we saw back in April -- starts with giving each printer its own unique e-mail address.
They found that players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men (only 6.7 percent of players had impaired fasting glucose compared to 15.5 percent of other men) and their cholesterol levels were essentially the same.
The study found that NFL athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other men-- regardless of the size of the player or his position.
Scott, 68, wrote two notes before his death, including a message left in his Los Angeles office for family members, a coroner official said.
Real fell further off the pace after being held to a 2-2 draw at home by lowly Espanyol and are 13 points off the lead.
After months of updates to its Like button, Facebook has released an update that fundamentally changes the button's functionality to that of a Share button.
We owe many of his inventions that made the rock 'n roll sound of today to him, and he was the founding father of modern music," B.B.
Sen.
(CNN) -- Former German international star Lothar Matthaeus is to take charge of the Bulgarian national team, it was announced Tuesday.
It was a confusing and jarring plot twist, not only because Jaime and Cersei's trysts have been consensual, but because the scene doesn't play out that way in George R.R.
The pilot of a 1972 Piper Cherokee radioed that he would be unable to make it back to the airport and that he was instead going to attempt a landing on Caspersen Beach, just to the south.
New York is the second state after Maine to adopt such a measure, commonly referred to as a "right-to-know" law, according to Missy Henriksen of the National Pest Management Association, which researches and tracks bedbug trends around the country.
Officials say it affected seven states in northern India, home to more than 350 million people.
Power was partially restored after about six hours, authorities said.
Another interesting change is Facebook's lightbox UI, which strongly and clearly puts the focus on images.
soldier charged with murdering Afghan civilians, mostly women and children, the story of Spc.
We called him Tiffany, and then later, Mr.
BEIJING, China (Reuters) -- A panda once believed to be male and sent to Japan to breed with a female without success gave birth to twin cubs this week, state media reported on Thursday.
The giant panda is one of the world's most endangered species and is found only in China.
Imagine an elite U.S.
Briton Gary McKinnon is accused of carrying out the biggest ever U.S. military hacking operation.
(CNN) -- The Italian and French governments were both trying to defuse an escalating diplomatic row Monday after France refused entry to a train carrying North African migrants from Italy.
The Schengen agreement allows people to travel between 25 European countries without the need of a passport.
During this 70th year anniversary of the end of World War II, Abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history because he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan's wartime actions in Asia where the bitter legacies remain divisive.
He is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of the national interest and therefore not meeting the test of statesmanship.
About 20 people, including Oscar-winning actress Kate Winslet, were in the house at the time of the fire, which broke out around 4 a.m., Branson said.
This type of lockdown is not common, a spokesman said.
ROME, Italy -- Italian tennis players Potito Starace and Daniele Bracciali have been banned by the ATP for betting on matches.
(EW.com) -- American Idol finalists Kree Harrison and Candice Glover wowed the audience at the Nokia Theater at L.A.
"Could they be alive?
Officials believe the child is a 4-year-old boy from Mississippi who may have come in contact with the waterborne Naegleria fowleri amoeba while playing on a plastic toy water slide, St.
There is no danger of infection from drinking contaminated water, the CDC said.
Dr.
The FDA's official decision will not be made for at least a year, and doctors can continue to use ECT devices in the interim.
More than 200,000 Cubans have bought licenses to open small businesses since October.
About 37 million pounds of the meat went to school lunch programs and other federal nutrition programs since October 2006, said Ron Vogel, of the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service.
Access to the crown will be limited to 10 people at a time, guided by a National Park Service ranger.
Six years and several lawsuits later, Fox Searchlight is releasing a two-and-a-half-hour version of Lonergan's film, which has been on the shelf so long that Paquin still looks like a teenager, Matt Damon (as her geometry teacher) is still skinny, and at one point someone imitates Bobcat Goldthwait.
(CNN) -- Through English-language propaganda and a vibrant social media presence, ISIS is actively encouraging young Americans to join its cause to take up arms in Syria and Iraq.
"It's fascinating to look at the dynamics between people at borders," says Wong.
"It is time to let that beacon of freedom shine brighter on all our brothers and sisters.
Seventeen states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage within its borders: California, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Washington.
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its more than four decades of fighting for Basque independence and is listed as a terrorist group by the European Union and the United States.
(Financial Times) -- Japanese carmakers appear to be suffering significant sales declines in China over a flare-up over disputed islands in the East China Sea, after Mazda reported that sales in the country fell 35 per cent year on year in September.
Mazda is the first Japanese automaker to report China sales data since violent anti-Japanese protests erupted in Chinese cities last month over the Senkaku islands -- a small chain of islets controlled by Japan but claimed by China.
A decision to halt production would affect global oil prices; Nigeria is the world's eighth-largest exporter.
However, Democratic colleagues on Thursday continued to call for him to bow out, including veteran Vermont Sen.
South Korea has one of the highest suicide rates among economically advanced countries.
BBC Persian TV launched January 14, broadcasting in Farsi to Iran, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan, the BBC spokesman said.
He faces charges of possessing weapons for sabotage, banditry and terrorism.
Among the other winners in the 43 categories, "Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows: Part 2" took four awards -- favorite movie, action movie, book adaptation and ensemble movie cast, although no stars from the film attended.
Other honorees included Ellen DeGeneres, Lea Michele and Demi Lovato, as well as favorite movie actress and actor Emma Stone and Johnny Depp.
Ali Haider Gilani -- son of former Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani -- was on his way to address a public meeting in the city of Multan when the attack happened, police senior superintendent Khurram Shakur told local TV reporters.
The opinion also said the stunt in question did not create a "compelling danger" to students.
Dr.
Afridi was sentenced in 2012 to 33 years in prison after a tribal court convicted him of, among other things, running a fake vaccination trial.
Paterno, who was affectionately known as "JoePa" by generations of his players and football fans alike, was widely admired in football circles for what he called his "Grand Experiment" -- his expectation that big-time college football players could succeed on the field while upholding high academic and moral standards away from the gridiron.
Richard Quinn, assistant FBI special agent in charge, told reporters that making false calls affecting a commercial airline is a federal offense and it is expected that the caller will be prosecuted.
In a letter to aviation authorities, Rep.
The visit comes at a delicate point in relations between the two Koreas.
This edition will be the first official collection of the Witmark Demos, 47 songs that Dylan recorded between 1962 and 1964 for his first two publishers, Leeds Music and M.
(Rolling Stone) -- Bob Dylan will release the ninth volume of his "Bootleg Series" on October 19, he has announced, confirming recent rumors.
(CNN) -- On Sunday, Pope John Paul II and Pope John XXIII were canonized as saints of the Roman Catholic Church.
Find a great tailor
Dr.
Democratic Rep.
Psychologically speaking, the end of 2012 is a far cry from the dark days of November 2011 when nervousness about the eurozone was at its highest.
U.S. ambassador to the country, Patricia A.
Together, these reports have been viewed more than 1.5 million times since they were uploaded in the past week.
Iran is rolling back parts of its nuclear program and getting relief from sanctions in return as an interim agreement aimed at gauging Tehran's willingness to curb its nuclear ambitions appears to be working with global powers gearing up for talks on Tuesday to forge a long-term pact.
She added that any final deal will be contingent on Iran taking "concrete" verifiable steps that prevent it from ever obtaining a nuclear weapon.
Italian officials have indicated that Alitalia is losing about $1.6 million a day, well over a half billion dollars a year.
"As for the technique, I can't honestly say that it's perfect," Ekwa, a personal trainer, said.
Education.
Paris (CNN) -- Search teams retrieved a body from the wreckage of the Air France airbus that crashed into the Atlantic in 2009, the French Interior Ministry said.
Senate race in Alaska between incumbent Sen.
He was arrested by authorities after a U.S.
About 100 people, primarily teenagers, were overcome Thursday by the heat at the Vans Warped Tour in Camden, New Jersey, where more than 12,000 people gathered at the outdoor concert, authorities said.
West Bank Settlements - Learn about the unsettled issue of settlements in the West Bank.
Education Budget Cuts? - Hear how a proposed budget cut could impact California students.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- An attorney for convicted Washington-area sniper John Allen Muhammad, who is scheduled to be executed November 10, will seek clemency from Virginia Gov.
The couple announced that they were ending their marriage in July.
The experiences of Nigeria and Senegal offer a rare bright spot in this outbreak.
As the beats swirl, Madonna pursues release, vows to rise above and wishes things had turned out differently.
Daniel Striani is questioning the legality of the Financial Fair Play (FFP) rules implemented by UEFA, European football's governing body.
Three diminutive single-engine unmanned propeller planes that look like they could have come from a hobby shop were found on the ground in March and April in parts of the South near the border with the northern Communist regime.
Illinois Gov.
"Nine turnovers is obviously never going to get it done," Lin told reporters.
Tell her about any upcoming event, and she'll remind you nearer to the time it's scheduled.
For his part, Army Maj.
South Sudan split from Sudan last year as part of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of war in Africa's largest nation.
So Oberst spent the 2000s abjuring big statements, choosing to scale down his sound, bum around North America and try to figure himself out.
The 747-8 Intercontinental is the latest, longest and about the most expensive corporate jet in the world -- a shiny new, "green" (empty) 747-8 will set you back $300 million, but with a VIP fit-out the figure is closer to $500 million.
Boeing is tight-lipped about who, exactly, is buying these "flying castles" -- apparently crazy-rich people cherish their anonymity -- but can reveal that almost half of the 206 BBJs and VIPs ordered since their launch in 1996 have gone to private owners, and a third of them have headed for the Middle East.
(CNN) -- Numerous U.S.
The $165 billion measure puts no restrictions on money the Bush administration had requested to continue bankrolling the wars but includes money for key domestic priorities for House Democrats, namely more unemployment assistance for people who lose their jobs and an expansion of the G.I.
(CNN) -- Bangladesh police have detained or arrested more than 18,000 people in the last 11 days in a crackdown on crime they say is aimed at improving security ahead of December elections.
Poveda -- who recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang, part of the Mara 18 gang in El Salvador -- was found shot dead in the town of Tonacatepeque, about 10 miles northeast of the capital, San Salvador, on September 2, authorities said.
In March, the infant received a tracheotomy at a children's hospital in St.
"Why have a Twitter account if you only have four tweets in the past few months?" he said.
Officials will reconvene after Cambodia's general election on July 27.
According to the U.N. survey, about a quarter of the earnings from opium go to farmers.
Western brands have invested heavily in Russia and relied on the country as a key growth story they can sell to investors.
The so-called U.S.
One Chinese city thinks it has the answer: It has divided a sidewalk on one of its busiest streets into two lanes -- one for cellphone users and the other for those without.
Asked if he would consider selling off BBM, Chen said: "I run a public company.
CNN Latino celebrated its launch in Los Angeles in style at the Sunset Tower Hotel this week.
CNN Latino will be CNN's first move outside cable television and, according to Hudson, the first step to bringing this syndicated programming block to local broadcast stations in key Hispanic media markets.
Tsvangirai's comments came amid widespread speculation that the wreck was caused by his political opponents aligned with President Robert Mugabe.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Despite crushing defeats in the last two elections, Senate Republicans have new "energy and enthusiasm" for winning back the majority, according to their leader, Sen.
The U.S.
(CNN) -- Pele has denied saying that Manchester City striker Robinho had taken drugs.
The Brazilian legend was quoted as saying that Robinho and former world footballer of the year Ronaldo used recreational drugs at a private party in Sao Paolo.
Just like in the $24,000-to-$30,000 category, Consumer Reports recommended a slew of world-beating used Lexus models in this segment: the '06-'07 6-cylinder GS RWD; the '07 GS450h Hybrid; '05-'07 GX; '07 IS; '04-'07 LS; '03-'06 LX and '06-'07 RX.
The bomb was hidden in a plastic bag and then put in a cafe in the Iraqi capital's al-Amriya neighborhood, where it detonated around 10 p.m.
They were killed when their family members were unable to pay their ransom, officials said.
* His studio is still being built, but the show's format is not.
Retired Army Gen.
(EW.com) -- The CW has renewed "America's Next Top Model" for its 20th cycle since debuting in 2003.
And the show will feature male models for the first time.
"America's Next Top Model" is currently in the midst of its 19th cycle, "College Edition."
In the Group's other game, Angola beat Burkino Faso 2-1 thanks to a 68th minute winner from former Manchester United player Manucho.
Experts and charities explain how they might recover from their ordeal.
Time is of the essence when suspected victims of slavery or imprisonment are rescued, and the first moments are known as the "golden hour."
Magee, 73, had been bishop of Cloyne since March 1987, according to the Irish Catholic Bishops Conference.
The Royal Palace on Amsterdam's Dam Square re-opens to the public in June after three years of extensive renovations.
She hopes her photos shine a light on "the beauty and diversity of mankind" and make us wonder if a future without that diversity is desirable.
Wayne Allen Huntsman, 37, of Pollock Pines, California, is being held on $10 million bail in El Dorado County Jail as he faces one felony count of arson with a special allegation of a firefighter, peace officer or other emergency personnel having suffered great bodily injury in the so-called King Fire.
Of course, GOP strategists are right when they say the party has been left for dead before, only to spring back to life.
A Texas woman claims she was forced to give birth alone in jail during a horrific night in solitary confinement nearly two years ago, and that her baby died because of it, according to a federal lawsuit filed this week.
A law enforcement official told CNN there is no indication a specific plot exists.
Deactivation means the profile information and content are hidden from view of others but are saved on Facebook servers in case you want to reactivate the profile.
The Secret Service is planning to beef up its presence and enhance its surveillance measures around the White House on Monday following Friday's security breach, a federal law enforcement official said.
There are militant strongholds on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistani border.
The final season of "Weeds" premieres Sunday, July 1 at 10 p.m. on Showtime.
(CNN) -- Barcelona warmed up for their crucial last-16 Champions League second-leg tie against AC Milan on Tuesday with a 2-0 win over Deportivo La Coruna in La Liga on Saturday.
222,488 -- Number of Americans receiving Social Security benefits in 1940, less than 1% of the total population.
$778 billion -- Expected amount that Social Security will pay out in benefits in 2012.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Amory Lovins is an environmentalist and the chairman and chief scientist of the Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI).
In 1977, Congress voted to make the WASPs eligible for veterans benefits.
A.J.
(CNN) -- Schalke moved to within a point of German Bundesliga leaders Bayer Leverkusen after winning 2-0 away to fellow title hopefuls Werder Bremen on Saturday night.
"(ISIS) operationally is probably on the defense to hold what they have gained," Gen.
U.N.
ABC's "Grey's Anatomy" delivered 11.1 million viewers and a 3.9 rating, up 11 percent from last week and marking its best rating in three months.
Bigger news: Rhimes' "Scandal" (7.5 million, 2.4) was up too, and not just a little.
CBS' "The Mentalist" (13 million, 2.5) was also up a tick for its latest Red John-focused finale (our interview with creator Bruno Heller about the finale here).
The IAEA announced Saturday its inspectors were leaving for the much-anticipated inspection.
The inspection comes after Iran said Friday that it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a deal that could help end the international showdown over its nuclear activities.
Sen.
In 2007 the U.S. military launched a series of airstrikes that drove out al Qaeda.
The intercontinental missile was launched Wednesday morning from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in northwestern Russia, the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported.
The developer of Holyland, Hillel Cherney, had been previously convicted of bribing Olmert and other high-level officials in exchange for Holyland approvals.
As crazy as this sounds, to put an entire head on a new body, a human body, Italian physician Dr.
Tata Motors, however, aims to make 350,000 Nanos a year from 2010 at another unit elsewhere in the country, a company statement said.
Authorities charged him with forgery and flying without a valid license, the statement said.
The resulting project will publish later this year, but you can follow along by searching the hashtag #ATL24 on Twitter or Instagram or by following this Twitter list from @CNNTravel.
The two nonpartisan polls are the first time Udall has been behind his opponent since the last Quinnipiac poll gave Gardner a 2-point lead in July.
Discussions centered on continued U.S. military assistance to the Lebanese armed forces in light of the ongoing crisis.
The violence is the worst to hit Lebanon since the end of its civil war in 1991.
The Muslim Brotherhood also has focused its ire on Egypt's January 14-15 referendum on a new constitution that would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military.
The Muslim Brotherhood also has focused its ire on Egypt's January 14-15 referendum on a new constitution that would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military.
Ohio Gov.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
I secretly loved "The Lizzie McGuire Show" and Lizzie's mom, Jo McGuire (Hallie Todd), was so sweet.
"Inventing L.A.: The Chandlers and Their Times" premieres Monday on PBS.
Investigators searching suspected shooter Abdo Ibssa's home found medicine for psychotic problems and a note indicating that Ibssa believed a doctor at the hospital had placed an electronic chip inside him during a 2001 appendectomy, Knoxville Police Chief Sterling Owen IV told reporters Tuesday.
Back in the United States, Khairullah says the suffering will only get worse in many parts of Syria unless there is a way to deliver humanitarian aid to those who need it most.
"I shall be a president for everyone in Chile," Bachelet said during a congratulatory phone call from President Sebastian Pinera.
And while the Kremlin has invested in upgrading technical equipment in recent years, facilities are still not well equipped to deal with high levels of chronic conditions such as high blood pressure.
The opinions expressed are solely those of Martha S.
Virginia State Sen.
Robertson, 17, is the granddaughter of family patriarch Phil Robertson and daughter of Willie Robertson, current CEO of Duck Commander, the family business on which the show is based.
Only Luxembourg, Norway and Qatar are wealthier, according to the World Bank.
L'AQUILA, Italy (CNN) -- Leaders of both industrialized powers and emerging economies have agreed to work together on setting a goal to limit global warming to levels recommended by scientists, U.S.
(CNN) -- Massimo Ambrosini has signed a one-year contract extension at AC Milan to stay with the Italian club until 2011.
This will be the shuttle's 28th mission to the international space station.
U.S. fighter jets intercepted Russian bombers off Alaska and California this month, the latest incidents in a string of recent aerial encounters over the Pacific.
Mubarak is still serving a three-year sentence for a previous conviction for embezzlement handed down in May, but it's not clear when he will be released because he is expected to be credited for time already served.
"This resolution holds the promise of something real," U.S.
The affidavits say most of the drugs were highly addictive, especially muscle relaxants called Soma and tramadol.
Gul knew she was committing the ultimate crime according to strict Islamic customs -- running away from her husband with another man -- but she also knew she didn't want to continue living the life she had since her marriage.
Gul Meena is one of thousands of women living in shelters across Afghanistan -- many of them victims of attempted honor killings.
"Cookie selling is just so much fun for me," Katie said.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Edwin van der Sar claimed the all-time British record for minutes without conceding a goal during Manchester United's 1-0 win over West Ham on Sunday.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Soldiers from outside Beijing called to the Chinese capital to boost troop numbers "were laughing" as they shot randomly at protesters in Tiananmen Square on June 4, 1989, according to declassified U.S. documents.
With a quick glance at Dr.
Iraqi security forces were routed by ISIS fighters earlier this month during a lightning advance that saw the al Qaeda offshoot seize large swaths of northern and western Iraq.
Garner knows the sex of the baby, but declined to reveal it on the show.
Markoff is also charged in connection with an April 10 robbery of Trisha Leffler, 29, at another hotel in Boston.
Somalia was plunged into chaos after dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown in 1991.
But the United States and France want to keep the threat of force on the table if Syria doesn't comply.
Sandra Bullock made history in 2010 for winning both an Oscar and a Razzie in the same year.
Actress Halle Berry followed her 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress in "Monster's Ball" with a Razzie Award for Worst Actress in "Catwoman" in 2005.
Reports of respiratory problems -- and sale of masks -- skyrocketed, according to state media.
The U.S.
Visa fees will be waived for the families of MH370 passengers and crew flying in to Australia, the country's defense minister David Johnston said Tuesday.
The conditions surrounding the release of the video are unclear.
Tsvangirai and Mugabe formed a power-sharing government in 2009 after postelection violence following Mugabe's victory claim.
(Entertainment Weekly) -- Sandra Bullock will surely be popping open the champagne as her new romantic comedy, "The Proposal," accepted the top spot at the box office this weekend by grossing $34.1 million, according to early estimates by Hollywood.com Box Office.
Tyrrell is now engaged in a campaign with Change.org, a left-leaning political group, to raise awareness of the policy of the Boy Scouts of America, garnering 140,000 signatures and saying that she ultimately wants the national organization to reverse its position.
A 2000 U.S.
The Girl Scouts of America has a decades-old policy of nondiscrimination.
Republicans were quick to use the sound bite in ads attacking their opponents in key battleground states.
"I wanted to be everything my mother wasn't," Belcher said.
(CNN) -- World No.
The Belorussian was due to play her U.S.
At the emergency agency's facility, Obama met with Massachusetts Gov.
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano will visit Rhode Island on Friday to inspect flood damage and meet with state and local leaders to discuss response and recovery efforts.
The raid is related to a long-running battle between BP and Russian partner, TNK-BP, over oil exploration in the Russian Arctic.
The old town has 11,000 historic buildings, including the 14th century Bab el Guissa Mosque and the University of Karueein -- the oldest continuously operating university in the world.
Last month Venezuelan authorities said they captured two Colombian spies.
It may be politically quixotic, but Sen.
The daughter was found five days later in San Francisco after being spotted outside a supermarket.
"Abel -- put that camera down right now.
More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled their homes, around 2 million to neighboring states, mostly Syria and Jordan, and another 2.2 million displaced inside Iraq.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- As Bangladesh mourns the death of more than 100 workers killed in a factory fire over the weekend, attention is turning to the labels found among the charred debris and what role they could have played in preventing the worst industrial disaster in the country's history.
The country will "pay dearly" if it executes the president's stimulus plans, Sen.
The country will "pay dearly" if it executes the president's stimulus plans, Sen.
Through intensive diplomacy the U.S.
Borders and Jewish settlements are likely to be the most difficult piece of Kerry's puzzle.
Some within Israel's coalition government even want to annex Jewish settlements in the fertile Jordan Valley, potentially the bread-basket of a new Palestinian state, and home to nearly 30% of Palestinians living in the West Bank.
John T.
The panel -- after hearing two days of testimony from experts, members of the public and dental professionals -- recommended the FDA look at information updated since the agency ruled in 2009 that the mercury in dental fillings is not harmful.
-- Ive acknowledges that not all of his designs are successful, but most of them remain behind closed doors.
Brazil's Roberto Azevedo took the flag after voting from the 159 members of the World Trade Organisation, becoming its first ever Director General from South America.
Brazil is a prime example of how a lack of reforms has undermined the economy.
(CNN) -- Peruvian President Alan Garcia left Singapore on the eve of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit after reports surfaced that an air force officer was accused of spying for the Chilean government, Peru's foreign minister said Saturday.
The four-year old gelding is highly regarded as a fine sprinter and won the $300,000 Jaipur at Belmont Park in June.
Evergreen has not issued a recall, the CDC said, so the sprouts may still be available in stores.
Five years after their 2004 marriage, Elke and Paul found they could go weeks without being intimate -- something the couple, who had been inseparable since meeting in their 20s as camp counselors, would have once found unimaginable.
Taiwan is also Hong Kong's fourth largest trading partner, with a total trade value of more than US$35 billion, according to the Hong Kong government.
Toronto's Jose Calderon finished with 25 points, nine assists, and seven rebounds, while Lin's teammate Amare Stoudemire claimed 21points and nine rebounds on his return to the team after a short absence for personal reasons.
ANTALYA, Turkey (CNN) -- Two men who hijacked a Turkish passenger jet have surrendered to authorities after releasing the remaining passengers and crew they had been holding hostage.
Lt.
(CNN) -- "F.E.A.R.
Sadly, the frights aren't quite as jarring as they could have been.
But prosecutors in Istanbul have said corruption is the culprit.
China was incensed after Chen, who broke out of house arrest, sought refuge at the U.S.
Lloyd R.
Heavenly minded, financially empowered Bishop T.D.
Pakistan requested U.S. forces to vacate the Shamsi Airbase by December 11 in response to the November 26th attack that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in the northwest of the country.
Glover, who won the 2009 U.S.
Honor student Hadiya Pendleton had performed as a drum majorette at an event during President Obama's second inauguration in Washington and was gunned down days later.
Dr.
Two of his successors in Austin -- George W.
Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with Indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths.
Comparing dropped call rates for all mobile users on all four carriers, Verizon users reported just 1.4 percent of calls were dropped unexpectedly, while AT&T users reported a 4.6 percent rate.
If voice calls are a primary reason you use a smartphone, Verizon is likely to be a better choice if you don't want your calls to unexpectedly cut themselves short.
Heathrow's operator said Sunday it would begin subjecting passengers to full body scans "as soon as practical."
In Islamic cultures, a belief in genies, or jinns, is common.
(RS.com) -- The Beastie Boys are planning a memoir commemorating their music and career, but it won't be a straightforward narrative-style remembrance.
Instead, surviving members Mike D and Ad-Rock plan to create a loosely structured oral history featuring a mix of their voices, outside contributors and images, cut through with their characteristic irreverent humor, The New York Times reports.
(CNN) -- As soon as he could, Kevin Ward Jr. got in a race car.
The Coast Guard has seized 44,000 pounds of cocaine in the previous 12 months, the release said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Republican Sen.
"We are going to start bringing the gold to our national bank," Chavez said in a conference call with several of the nation's financial leaders broadcast on state television.
(EW.com) -- For the first time in nine years, NBC has outright won the first week of the broadcast season among adults 18-49.
The man told police he tried to begin a conversation with the rapper at the Harlem Nights Ultra Lounge club when he was "suddenly struck."
Skimmed credit card numbers and other personal-identity information stolen from computers also can be found for sale on Web sites, Fraser said.
London (CNN) -- Spain's Prime Minister, Mariano Rajoy, may not seem a natural performer but he appears all too familiar with the waltz; a typically slow dance, usually partnered, often mournful, with little room for improvement.
As his country faces the prospect of a bailout, Rajoy's gentle glides may mark him as a natural on the political dance floor.
Even CNN commenters have taken sides, perpetuating a fictitious (we imagine) rivalry between the actresses.
Johannesburg, South Africa (CNN) -- An England fan who allegedly appeared in the English team's changing room following a Friday night World Cup match was arrested by South African police and faces a charge of trespassing, authorities said.
Do you know a hero?
Tucker even used his interactions with bill collectors as fodder for his act.
Tucker is also quoted as making a crack about being so bad with money that he bought two houses next to each other and then had to ask neighbors to borrow a cup of sugar.
Using information from Florida's Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, the state identified more than 100,000 names of non-eligible voters that could potentially be on the lists illegally.
More than 75% of the targeted 1.5 million households were contacted, according to the Health Ministry.
U.S. law currently does not allow Guantanamo detainees to be moved to the United States, a provision that has impeded the administration's efforts to close the prison, since detainees cannot be tried in civilian courts or moved to American prisons.
Another boat with around 350 migrants was rescued.
Do you know a hero?
A company sampling confirmed a positive result for E. coli.
Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
Reactions posted on the Internet were varied, according to the China Daily.
In Barcelona in 1992, Savon had earned his first Olympic gold with a crushing 14-1 win against Nigeria's David Izonritel.
Egypt is experiencing a crayfish invasion along the Nile River.
Yet the legendary, centuries-old Running of the Bulls in Pamplona -- part of the annual San Fermín Festival -- has attracted more and more tourists to this small, northern Spanish city in recent years.
(CNN) -- Four-time world soccer player of the year Lionel Messi and his father have paid Spanish authorities $6.6 million after allegedly committing tax fraud between 2007 and 2009.
(CNN) -- Bayern Munich clinched the Bundesliga title for a record 22nd time thanks to a 3-1 away win over relegated Hertha Berlin on the final day of the German season.
Border patrol agents have been searching cars crossing into Mexico for signs of Dorner, while authorities have searched a home Dorner owned in Las Vegas and one owned by his mother in La Palma, California.
Internet access in Syria was restored Wednesday after a widespread outage that lasted more than 19 hours.
Technology has become a key weapon used by both sides of Syria's civil war to fight for their cause, with opposition activists using social media to report violence and a group of pro-Syrian government hackers known as the Syrian Electronic Army targeting major news organizations and activists.
The brief cessation of hostilities was announced by the Sri Lankan government on April 12 and allowed the U.N. and its partners to bring in necessary aid, said Holmes.
The trial has already been delayed twice since Dr.
Do you know a hero?
Most of the nine U.S.
Earlier, Iberia said in a statement that it had found other flights for 60,000 clients and will give ticket refunds to another 10,000.
Ground crews and in-flight attendants announced 15 days of strikes, during three weeks Monday to Friday, starting Monday.
Iberia pilots last year went on strike when Iberia created a low-cost carrier called Iberia Express.
He later resorted to an autocratic rule that especially targeted opposition rivals and outspoken journalists.
A Saudi court ruled the 19-year-old had an "illegitimate relationship" with a man who was not her husband, and that she was raped after she and the man were discovered in a "compromising situation, her clothes on the ground."
Sixth-placed Palermo remained behind Napoli on goal difference after suffering a shock 1-0 home defeat by second-bottom Cesena.
She was last seen August 2 near Baby Beach, on the west side of the island.
The attack sparked furious protests across India, where official data show that rape cases have jumped almost 875% over the past 40 years -- from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011.
(CNN) -- New Jersey Gov.
(Financial Times) -- Irish homeowners applying for debt writedowns will have to give up satellite television, foreign holidays and private school educations for their children under a strict new insolvency law introduced to tackle the country's debt crisis.
Democratic Rep.
In a meeting with students, Castro said he was "pleased, because the country is working, despite all of the challenges," according to state-run website Cubadebate.
The midfielder signed on a deal to build a Park Ji-Sung football center in his hometown fully equipped with training areas and football fields.
Wednesday, she had not yet informed New York Gov.
Holistic options such as acupuncture or rehabilitation can be costly, but most doctors will customize treatment plans to fit your budget as well as your schedule.
"From a Twinkling Star to a Passing Angel," a demo recorded around the time "The Visitors" was released in 1981, will be the first new ABBA recording released since the box set "Thank You for the Music" was issued in 1994.
The new version of "The Visitors" will also include six previously released bonus tracks and a DVD featuring rare and unreleased footage from the Swedish pop band's archives, including their last-ever live performance on the BBC's "Late Late Breakfast Show" in December of 1982.
ABBA disbanded in 1982 and have since refused to reunite.
Hospital officials said Kim Chang-hwan had committed suicide by swallowing pesticides.
Daniel St.
Daniel St.
(CNN) -- Portugal took a big step to escaping the World Cup's so-called "group of death" by crushing North Korea 7-0 in a rematch of the two nations' famous 1966 clash in South Africa on Monday.
Army Capt.
(CNN) -- Supporters of a banker caught looking at photos of a semi-nude model on live TV have launched a Web site in a bid to save his job.
China keeps hundreds of missiles aimed at Taiwan, an ominous threat to the island to stay in the fold.
The train was on its way from the Croatian capital, Zagreb, when it derailed about 20 kilometers (12 miles) from it's destination of Split about noon, said Marina Kraljevic-Gudelj, a spokeswoman for police in Split.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- A federal judge tentatively overturned the conviction of a Missouri woman accused of using MySpace to deceive a teenage girl who eventually committed suicide, a U.S. attorney's spokesman told CNN.
Prosecutors based their case on a federal computer crimes statute that Wu is now challenging.
A jury convicted Lori Drew in November for accessing protected computers without authorization.
The couple, Michelle Palmer and Vincent Acors, had faced a three-month sentence, but they were freed on bail in October pending an appeal.
AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips and co-CEO Paul Gongaware were dismissed as individual defendants in the case.
(CNN) -- Egypt's army chief Gen.
[Original post] Do you know where this photo was taken?
The Rev.
For the last decade, the Chinese government has created a virtual police state within Xinjiang, employing enhanced surveillance of Uyghur citizens, actively repressing Uyghurs' political voices, and greatly curtailing Uyghur religious practices.
Investigators have not uncovered any forensic evidence linking Hernandez to the case, Kelly added.
It remains unclear who her abductors were or whether their motive was financial or political.
(CNN) -- Mexico international striker Antonio de Nigris has died at the age of 31 from a suspected heart attack.
Marine Corps brig in Quantico, Virginia, the prime suspect in the WikiLeaks case "seems frazzled," says one of the few people to visit Army Pfc.
The Guinness World Records book recognized the AK-47 -- AK being a Russian acronym for "Kalashnikov's machine gun" and 47 standing for its debut year -- as the world's most common machine gun.
Do you know a hero?
(CNN) -- Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, who is on a three-country tour in Latin America in a bid to build support for U.N.
Historian H.W.
(CNN) -- In amended charges presented Friday, U.S. military authorities accused Army Staff Sgt.
The incident took place in June in the Indian mountain state of Himachal Pradesh.
The cause of the fire at the prison in San Pedro Sula was not immediately known.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
According to police, Raizy Glauber was pregnant, and the couple's son was delivered prematurely by cesarean but died the next day.
He stole jewelry, medication and a firearm from the home in Crossville on June 27, CNN affiliate WKRN reported.
U.N.
Russia has a long-standing tradition of training bears to perform tricks such as riding motorcycles, ice skating, and playing hockey.
Enrique Peña Nieto, the Institutional Revolutionary Party candidate, leads in polls.
The answers aren't comforting: Computer and homeland security experts now warn of a broader cyberwar if the U.S.
The 2012 U.S.
Jamaat is one of two main opposition parties and a constant thorn in the side of the ruling Awami League.
Goolsbee has been an outspoken defender of Obama's policies as the U.S. economy struggles to find its footing following the steep recession of 2007-09.
One analyst believes the shortage of donated organs in China is the main motive for the growing practice, but added that the issue of ethics played its part.
Called "Sarawoga," which means "left alone" in Shona, Mtukudzi's latest album is a tribute to his beloved son Sam, who died in a car crash in 2010 aged 21.
Every month, Mexico's navy says it rescues about 150 stranded migrants, left adrift in overloaded boats off the country's Pacific coast.
He also became the first athlete ever to successfully defend the 100 meters title, a feat he emulated in the long jump.
The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Katynka Z.
A lock-unlock lever on the doomed Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo was moved earlier than it should have been, the National Transportation Safety Board said Sunday night.
Another man fell at the stadium last year but survived.
Lyric Cook, 10, and her cousin Elizabeth Collins, 8, were last seen by their grandmother more than a week ago when they left on a bike ride.
Allegations of sexual abuse by Catholic priests have spread across Europe, surfacing in countries including the Netherlands, France, Mexico, Italy, Ireland, the United States, Austria and Germany, home country of Pope Benedict XVI.
Mendez served in the New York state Senate 13 consecutive terms, from 1978 until being defeated in 2004.
A long-time Democrat, she had switched to the Republican Party in 2002 and failed to win re-election to her heavily Democratic 28th district, which included East Harlem and parts of the Bronx.
The result means two-time world champions Argentina must beat Ricardo La Volpe's Costa Rica in their final Group A match on Monday to avoid an early exit from the quadrennial tournament.
According to IBM, online games also give leaders the freedom to fail and to experiment with different approaches which, they say, is something that any Fortune 500 company that hopes to innovate needs to understand.
Silver fox Anderson Cooper, "New Girl" cameo maker Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and Lewis Black are just a few names on the eclectic roster of competitor, who each stand to earn $10,000 for their charity (winners earn a minimum of $50,000).
(CNN) -- Argentina have confirmed the appointment of Alejandro Sabella as their new national coach in succession to Sergio Batista.
"Finally!
"We congratulate Darrell Wallace Jr. on his first national series victory, one that will be remembered as a remarkable moment in our sport's history," said NASCAR chairman and CEO Brian France.
But that's what happened when Amnesty International put forth a document calling for the legalization of prostitution.
President Barack Obama's record on national security issues came under fire from HRW -- from the continued existence of the detention center in Guantanamo Bay to what the group called the unlawful killing of civilians through drone attacks in countries such as Pakistan, Somalia and Yemen.
(CNN) -- Every year, millions of tons of milk deemed unsafe for human consumption are discarded in Europe.
The fabric might use less water than cotton but it is far more expensive to produce -- QMilch costs around $30 per kilo to produce, compared to $3.8 per kilo for cotton yarn.
Up to 20,000 international runners could be affected by flight cancellations or delays, but Wittenberg said the organization has "a number of options to get them into any of our surrounding airports."
The rare quake, which struck about 5 a.m., was centered about 20 miles northwest of the capital, the U.S.
Despite all the side missions and interactions, the main point remains taking back Earth.
"Mass Effect 3" will be available March 6 in North America, March 8 in Australia, March 9 in Europe and March 15 in Japan.
An estimated 300,000 women in 65 countries received breast implants from PIP.
(CNN) -- The 2014 Tour de France will start in Northern England for the first time, organizers of cycling's most prestigious race announced Friday.
A permanent cease-fire -- which, according to this preliminary accord, is to be signed before March 15 -- will be a final step, al-Fati said.
Hong Kong was returned to mainland China from the British Commonwealth in 1997, its institutions grounded in Western and democratic thought.
U.N. officials worry that melamine has been introduced to animal feed and that it may turn up in chicken, pork, farmed fish and other products.
But the economic boom has also led to the resurgence of local gangs engaged in human and drug trafficking, illegal gambling, prostitution, extortion and protection rackets.
The operation places more uniformed officers in concentrated areas where crime rates are high, the NYPD said.
Rivers went up against poker champion Annie Duke in Sunday night's finale in which both women were charged with planning a VIP party and silent auction for the last and deciding task.
Tad Agoglia started the nonprofit First Response Team of America to help clean up areas hit by disaster.
Since May 2007, the team has helped thousands of victims at 15 disaster sites across the United States and has rapidly become a recognized name in first responder aid.
A mix of island officials and resident volunteers are struggling to save tens of thousands of Northern Rockhopper penguins threatened by an oil spill in the remote stretches of the south Atlantic, roughly 1,500 miles west of Cape Town, South Africa.
Bono's been staying active, maintaining his DWTS weight loss by taking up boxing and skiing over the Christmas holiday with his family.
Mexico, like many countries, struggles to investigate, prosecute and punish trafficking offenders.
What do you think?
The defense on Monday painted Pfc.
Science is now looking to nature, however, to find the best way to store data in a way that will make it last for millions of years.
The headline is that the United States will maintain combat troops in Afghanistan until December 2014.
And NATO will continue to have some kind of role in Afghanistan, likely advising and training units of the Afghan army, into 2015 and beyond.
Picower invested with Madoff, who was convicted of operating a Ponzi scheme and defrauding thousands of investors.
In general, Alzheimer's disease treatment can be a heartbreaking disappointment.
He is scheduled to appear in court Monday for a probation and preliminary hearing at which the government is expected to provide probable cause evidence that he fired a rifle at the White House on the evening of November 11 in an attempt to assassinate Obama.
Army Pvt.
But Gen.
Gupta is a member of the staff and faculty of the Department of Neurosurgery at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta, Georgia.
According to state media, invigilators detected abnormal radio signals that were being used to transmit the answers in code to candidates, who wore wireless ear pieces or placed "electronic erasers" on their desks.
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash, which also injured more than 180 people aboard the flight.
• On January 15, U.S.
"We are very happy.
There is no legal minimum or maximum sentence for culpable homicide under South African law, so it will be up to the judge to decide.
Smoking is still the leading cause of preventable disease and death in the United States.
And while the location will be in Jeju, organizers say the curriculum, except for Korean language and history, will all be taught in English and be identical to that being taught at the institute's headquarters.
Briton Gary McKinnon is accused of carrying out the biggest ever U.S. military hacking operation.
Six other cartel members and one naval petty officer also died in the raid.
Now 18, she went public with her story earlier this year.
It plans to hold "a major news conference" on Friday and both their Facebook and Twitter presences are active again.
"They keep pushing the anti-dumping thing and bullying China, and now we are helping them?"
(CNN) -- Sen.
At the same time, embattled Nevada Gov.
C.
Yunnan coffee is already known as some of the best in Asia, owing to the southern province's fertile soil, weather and water.
Federal safety investigators have all but eliminated mechanical problems as the cause of the December 1 derailment but added one more clue suggesting the engineer might not have been as attentive as he should have been.
At the request of Pentagon officials, CNN is not naming the SEAL who wrote the book, out of concern for his former colleagues who could still be active.
The embassy advises U.S. citizens to avoid large, public gatherings, "especially those with large numbers of westerners and/or no visible security presence."
Gen.
Avila caught the attention of the Obama administration during his 22-day fast on the National Mall in support of immigration reform last November.
People will be speculating about how dysfunctional the U.S.
So states a cable prepared for the visit of U.S.
(CNN) -- "Terrorist funding emanating from Saudi Arabia remains a serious concern."
In 1981 Von Hohenlohe founded the Mexican Federation of Winter Sports and since 1984 he has competed in the Olympics under Mexico's flag, participating in Calgary 1988, Albertville 1992 and Lillehammer 1994.
The UAE-flagged vessel was on its way to Singapore from Sudan when it was attacked.
Mount Airy -- with a population of about 10,000 -- is also home to the Andy Griffith Museum, a 1,500-square-foot building filled with memorabilia collected by the actor's friend, Emmett Forrest, whose name may have been used for Mayberry's handyman, Emmett Clark.
The 33-year-old was the highest-paid professional athlete in 2008, reportedly earning an estimated $110 million from tournament winnings and endorsements.
There was no exchange of fire at any time during the operation, and an SH-60 Seahawk helicopter supported the boarding team from the air, the Navy added.
In Spain it is not unusual for offspring to remain living with their parents until well into their 30s, a trend strengthened by a tough labor market where the youth unemployment rate is 40.5%, the highest in the European Union.
"It's just how my brain is wired.
According to Scott, potentially 182,000 voters on the rolls are noncitizens.
Marking his first appearance on Discovery Chanel in five years, the former "Monster Garage" star will guest star on "Chopper" across two nights in December.
Not only that, but "American Chopper" is going live for the first time -- pitting James, Paul Teutul, Senior and Paul Teutul Jr. in a bike-building battle at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas.
Mogees is a new technology that turns any object into a musical instrument, by converting the vibrations you make when you touch it into sound.
Louis, Missouri (CNN) -- Timothy G.
USDA spokesman Brian Mabry said no fatalities had been reported.
(CNN) -- Jenson Button has emerged a surprise contender to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren in what would be an exciting partnership for the 2010 season.
And if he did not -- if he thought she was a burglar, as he insists -- did he act as a reasonable person would have?
"Our economy can't take the President's ideological war on coal that will increase the squeeze on middle-class families and struggling miners," Sen.
When enriched to a high degree, uranium can be used as weapons-grade material.
(CNN) -- Top seed Caroline Wozniacki wasted little time in booking her passage into the quarterfinals of the WTA tournament in Copenhagen Thursday.
From pawn shops offering money withdrawal services, to underground banks using human mules to transport cash across the border, Macau tolerates the illicit methods that mainland punters use to bring money into the former Portuguese colony, which reverted to Chinese control in 1999.
There are some 16,000 desalination plants on the planet, and their numbers are rising.
When completed in 2016, it will be the largest such facility in the Western Hemisphere and create 50 million gallons of freshwater a day.
While the Codex contains all of the New Testament, it also includes part of the Old Testament and originally contained the entire text of the Christian Bible.
Forecasters fear additional casualties as more rain was expected Monday.
(CNN) -- Colorado Sen.
The regeneration began under former mayor Sergio Fajardo, who pioneered a theory known as "urban acupuncture" from 2003, which focused on reclaiming areas from the cartels through strategic projects.
Tens of thousands of Israelis took to the streets Saturday night in ten major cities to rail against soaring costs to the middle class in the Jewish state.
Activists have set up tent cities across the country to demand affordable housing and protest against what they describe as social injustice.
The Ethiopian Airlines Dreamliner flight carried passengers from Addis Ababa to Nairobi, Kenya, the company said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Republican Rep.
She and the other 40 or so members of the Maine Troop Greeters have made it their mission to welcome every incoming and outbound flight of soldiers and Marines who use Bangor International Airport as a refueling stop.
(CNN) -- In designing modern and sustainable buildings in the United Arab Emirates, architects are taking cues from an ancient Arabic design tradition.
With images of violence and torture coming out of Syria daily, a U.N.
New Jersey Gov.
The property has been on the market since last month.
The Senate plans a vote on its $3.53 trillion version of the budget later Thursday night.
Spirit's 440 pilots walked off the job Saturday morning after an ongoing dispute with the airline over the pilot's pay level.
In red-state South Carolina, Graham will be considered the strong favorite in November's general election, when he faces Democratic state Sen.
Andrew Johnson took his 1865 vice-presidential oath drunk as a skunk and belligerent as hell.
The New York Police Department prohibits use of chokeholds
U.S.
As the U.S.
Rep.
Zimbabwe's agro-based economy has been on a free-fall for more than a decade now.
Petrino had been placed on paid administrative leave last week after it was revealed he had not disclosed that Jessica Dorrell, a 25-year-old female member of his staff, was on his motorcycle with him when it crashed on April 1 and that he had given her unfairly favorable treatment in hiring her on his staff.
The Taliban are holding talks with the North West Frontier Province's government in the town of Timagera in the province's Lower Dir district, he said.
(CNN) -- A man who escaped from a Florida work release center in 1979 while serving a sentence for armed robbery has been captured in Missouri, authorities said Monday.
Authorities on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border blame Sinaloa and other cartels for a surge in violence in the region.
Two were U.S. military personnel, and the third was Polish, a U.S. defense official said.
The bulk of this iPhone 5-related gossip comes from a Taiwanese blog with a high rate of accuracy on previous Apple leaks.
Sen.
(CNN) -- Hundreds of U.S. and Afghan soldiers have embarked on a major operation against militants in the eastern Afghan region of Tora Bora, near the border with Pakistan, officials have told CNN.
Bedouin culture is at the root of Jordanian hospitality
The players, T.P.
The Serbian will clinch the No.
You'd hope that "Gossip Girl" creator Josh Schwartz, directing for the first time, would have a better feel for such matter, but "Fun Size" blatantly and lazily traces mediocre versions of the genre.
"They have a pretty good idea of who it may be," a U.S. official said.
He didn't get to sink his teeth into his role(s) as much as I'd hoped because a lot of the episode was devoted to initiating new detectives Nick Amaro (Danny Pino) and Amanda Rollins (Kelli Giddish); plus, his characters' Southern accent sounded a bit inconsistent -- anyone else notice that?
Officials from the agency's Wildlife Service eliminated 89% of the geese that reside within 7 miles of New York's two major airports after a 2009 incident in which birds flew into the engines of US Airways Flight 1549, the report said.
The number of geese euthanized in 2010 was up 441 from the previous year, the report said.
"Bullitt" is perennially voted one of the best car movies of all time and we're comfortable following suit.
With 600,000 volumes, the oak-paneled library on the third-floor is the court's information center.
LONDON, England -- Savers at a leading UK mortgage bank lined up for a second day to empty their accounts Saturday, a day after the lender was bailed out by the Bank of England after heavily slashing profit forecasts.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eduardo J.
Education Reform - Examine the details of a proposal to overhaul the U.S.
Afghan Women at Risk - Learn about the plight of women in Afghanistan under Taliban rule.
Tibetan Chinese Relations - Trace the history of the tense relationship between Tibet and China.
But it hasn't brought the two countries any closer to a lasting peace: Border squabbles and skirmishes over the division of oil wealth are still the norm.
Assange remains holed up in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London where he sought political asylum two years ago after publishing reams of classified U.S. documents online.
Federer has played in a record 57 straight grand slam tournaments.
Do you know a hero?
"Mr.
Some economists predict the drop will increase by year's end to 20 percent.
After oil exports, remittances are Mexico's second-largest source of foreign currency.
Corby, 36, was convicted in May 2005 for smuggling 9 pounds (4.1 kilograms) of marijuana in a bag while arriving at Bali's Denpasar International Airport the previous October.
The band's sound manages to be as ageless as it is anachronistic.
The album follows their root sound down all kinds of mossy paths -- from the South Asia-meets-New Orleans blues burn of "Black Saturday" to "A Thousand Days Before," a snake-hipped meditation on the impermanence of life.
The research, which was funded by the Food and Drug Administration and other federal health agencies, contradicts numerous earlier studies that did find an increased risk of infection associated with the drugs, known as tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitors.
Felson, however, says the new findings aren't sufficient to quell the concerns raised by previous studies.
Previous studies have found that TNF inhibitors as much as double the risk of serious infection compared with other treatment options.
(EW.com) -- DirecTV is doubling down on scripted television: The satellite service provider announced today that it has ordered 10 episodes of "Full Circle" from filmmaker and playwright Neil LaBute, making his TV debut.
Production on "Full Circle" will start this summer in L.A. with a premiere planned for this fall.
The Swedish authorities will now be taking a fresh look at radical Islamists in the country.
(CNN) -- A manhunt is under way in New Jersey as multiple law enforcement agencies search for Arthur E.
The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Aaron E.
But the U.S. responded through fullback Chris Wyles, who converted his own try to level at 7-7.
More than 430,000 Americans die each year from smoking-related causes, the American Lung Association estimates.
(CNN) -- The state of Florida on Saturday filed a lawsuit against BP and Halliburton over the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
Researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many years from trash being dumped off boats and ocean-going ships, and from trash accumulated on beaches, where it eventually washed in the Pacific Ocean and into the huge zone.
Just over a month before that report comes out, R.J.
Hijackings off the coast of East Africa have become a growing international concern, prompting a number of foreign navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden and neighboring coastal areas.
The shortest: George Washington's 1790 address was only 833 words and is believed to have lasted less than 10 minutes.
Such a merger would create an operator with combined revenues of over $20 billion and a combined customer base of over 200 million, according to both companies.
Under the potential deal, Bharti would acquire a 49 percent stake in MTN, and MTN and its shareholders would take an approximate 36 percent interest in Bharti.
"We went into this together, and we will work it through together because we are stronger together," British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said after a half day of talks at the State Department with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Anderson Cooper will host the fourth annual show from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California.
Meanwhile, Dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen after tracking the pirates to their "mother ship" in the western Gulf of Aden on Saturday, a NATO maritime spokesman said.
The NuvaRing is one of the most popular birth control products on the market.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud is dead, three Taliban sources and a government official said Tuesday.
Another 200 cases are suspected in the nation's West Department, or province, she said.
Van der Sloot said that he was under the influence of marijuana when he was secretly videotaped saying that he was with Holloway when she died, and that he arranged for a friend to dump her body in the ocean, the statement said.
The Fed's hints it would dial back its cheap money program come as Russia expects a loosening of economic policy under its new bank head, Elvira Nabiullina.
Dr.
Uighurs are ethnic Turks who are linguistically, culturally and religiously distinct from China's majority Han population.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alexander J.
Rev.
The deaths occurred Saturday in Kisumu, the stronghold of his chief rival, Raila Odinga.
Protesters took to the streets in Kisumu after the Supreme Court ruling Saturday that dismissed Odinga's petition and retained Kenyatta's victory.
(CNN) -- Kawasaki have announced they will run Marco Melandri in a one-bike team in the 2009 MotoGP world championship.
An estimated 10 percent of today's workforce works from home and remains on the company payroll.
And a recent study commissioned by Bell Atlantic estimates that 2 million American businesses support some kind of telecommuting program.
A police report was filed in the August 16 incident involving Maj.
U.S. officials believe the Iranians wanted a close look at the carrier, but they could not say if the Iranians took photos of the ship.
At least eight suspected U.S.
The heightened strikes parallel the temporary closing of U.S.
Although haze levels have receded, officials warned that the smoke could make a strong comeback in the coming days, and may linger for months.
From 1886 until 1948, Canadian law banned any and all margarine.
Nobs, who had been in a coma since December 24 after a fall, died in hospital in Lausanne on Thursday, Swiss media reported.
He co-founded the jazz festival in the small Swiss town in 1967 with then-president of Atlantic Records Nesuhi Erteguen.
Stern and Dr.
(CNN) -- A U.N.
Women who use IUDs are roughly half as likely to develop cervical cancer as women who have never used one, the study found.
The group's five-year insurgency is aimed at establishing an Islamic stateâ€Ž.
At least 800,000 people in Rwanda were killed in the 1994 genocide, one of the worst mass slaughters in the post-World War II era.
The $10.1 billion multi-decade project to re-create Southern Sudan's 10 state capitals into elaborately-shaped dream towns may sound Dubai-esque -- only Southern Sudan is no Dubai.
Critics think South Sudan's expected oil bonanza could be getting to its head.
Eritrea won its independence from Ethiopia in 1993 after a 30-year war.
Nearly 50% of all AIDS cases annually are reported from Southern states.
Recently released data have shown a dramatic 96% reduction in transmission of the HIV virus between individuals when the infected partner is on antiretroviral therapy, leading to the concept of "treatment as prevention."
Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state and has launched attacks in other countries as well.
Naismith Trophy winner Trey Burke led a ferocious Michigan squad with 24 points, but it wasn't enough to top No.
T.I.
(CNN) -- Seventeen years after the release of her breakthrough album, "My Life," Mary J.
(CNN)When food giant Nestle USA (to which I am, alas, not related) last month announced plans to remove all artificial flavors and colors from its chocolate candies, it understandably made headlines.
The new Muslim Brotherhood government has granted pardons to dozens more jihadists, some of whom had been held in "administrative detention" by the Mubarak government without ever seeing a courtroom.
Whales, dolphins and seals use sounds to communicate, navigate, find food and detect predators.
Wilson testified he shot at Brown on the street when Brown turned on him.
Wilson called the area where Brown was shot a "hostile environment."
Sunday's awards delivered 19.7 million viewers and a 6.4 rating among adults 18-49 â€” up 28% in the demo from 2012.
The notice, made at the request of the U.S. military in Japan, is believed to be part of precautions taken against possible North Korean missile launches.
Steve Fossett was the first person to circle the globe solo in a balloon and the first to fly a plane around the world solo without refueling.
(CNN) -- Cargill Meat Solutions Corp. has announced for the second time in less than six weeks a voluntary recall of ground turkey products after tests found they were contaminated with a strain of salmonella bacteria that can prove fatal.
Blizzard warnings were issued Friday for several counties in Minnesota until 6 p.m., according to the weather service.
Maybe just check out Crowdmug, an iOS app that lets you trade cash for pics of the scene at local bars and restaurants -- thus checking out the crowd without leaving your couch.
In pilot lounges and aviation blogs, the verdict is in: Asiana's pilots screwed up.
Over the years, people have died, been blinded and become ill from contaminated medicines made at compounding pharmacies.
Do you know a hero?
(CNN) -- Hosts Sri Lanka are through to their second successive Cricket World Cup final after beating New Zealand by five wickets in Colombo on Tuesday.
(CNN) -- Small arms fire targeted U.N.
U.S.
Democratic Party Vice Secretary Enrico Letta's comments come as Berlusconi's popularity surges in the Italian electoral polls after seemingly being out of the race.
Unlike in some religious traditions, Mormon bishops lead individual churches, not regions or groups of churches.
The new Notice-To-Airmen (NOTAM) from the FAA also prohibits flights into and out of Erbil and Sulaymaniyah.
Authorities said a ship overturned off the coast of Motril, killing 14 people -- 23 others were rescued.
"We had fun with it.
His great-grandfather Karl Wallenda was killed at the age of 73, attempting to walk between two buildings in Puerto Rico in 1978.
The iconic work fetched nearly $120 million at Sotheby's auction house in May.
The previous record for a Munch work of art tallied just over $38 million.
Listeria can grow even at low temperatures and can also can take three weeks or longer to make a person sick, so more cases may emerge in the coming weeks, officials said.
'The Boat Project' is a part of the region's contribution to the London 2012 Cultural Olympiad, which bills itself as the largest cultural celebration in Olympic history.
"I am a European; I want to continue being in the EU.
They say the government kicked them off their land without warning: only because they are Christian.
(EW.com) -- Ashton Kutcher may be one of the highest paid actors on TV right now but he hasn't forgotten his roots: EW has learned exclusively that the star of "Two and a Half Men" will join Mila Kunis, Laura Prepon and Wilmer Valderrama for a "That '70s Show" reunion during Fox's 25th Anniversary Special, airing April 22 on the network.
Five of Jackson's solo albums -- "Off the Wall," "Thriller," "Bad," "Dangerous" and "HIStory," are among the top-sellers of all time, according to Jackson's label Sony Music.
The kidnapped father of Chelsea footballer John Obi Mikel has been released alive by his captors in the Nigerian city of Kano.
The rock group's Sunday night show in Saratoga Springs, New York, is postponed, according to the announcement posted on Facebook.
Turkey will be sweating on the return of defensive duo Servet Cetin and Gokhan Zan, who will be given until the last minute to prove their fitness.
The actress is not pressing charges against the 84-year-old driver who struck her as she was jogging Wednesday in Santa Monica, Calif., her rep tells PEOPLE.
(CNN) -- The Rev.
And yet, because baseball lathers itself in mythology, and because Pujols was St.
The justices heard an hour of lively debate about the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals.
At least 200 Christian villagers died in the attacks early Sunday, when groups of men with guns, machetes, and knives attacked people in three villages south of Jos, in the Plateau State, Human Rights Watch said.
The revolution requires putting in place a whole new set of financial infrastructure at banks and retailers to facilitate the new way to pay.
The plea agreement signed by prosecutors and Benjamin Arellano Felix calls for a maximum of 25 years in prison and the forfeiture of $100 million to the United States.
(CNN) -- Federal authorities were investigating Friday the circumstances of a drone that crashed in El Paso, Texas, this week, which U.S. officials said originated in Mexico.
Tierney said Tuesday that he is looking forward to returning to the show and is not concerned about his own safety.
Many flocked to the Newtown General Store, a deli that has long served as a hub of community activity.
When Dr.
California voters could decide next year whether to abandon the death penalty.
(CNN) -- Last week's Thailand Open champion Guillermo Garcia-Lopez continued his fine run of recent form by reaching the quarterfinals of the Japan Open in Tokyo on Wednesday.
LOS ANGELES, California -- On Earth Day on Wednesday, Dr.
Since 2006, there have been seven attacks aimed at researcher's homes or cars.
The measure is sponsored by committee chairman Biden and the ranking Republican on the panel, Sen.
As the verdict was read, Corey cried and placed her hands over her face.
Last week, the CDC released tips for school administrators to follow.
Paris, France (CNN) -- A French court on Wednesday sentenced Manuel Noriega to seven years in prison for money laundering -- but.the former Panamanian dictator could be eligible for parole as early as next year, his lawyer told CNN.
The FBI is investigating, and the Department of Homeland Security said it has halted providing employee data to USIS for background checks until it can be assured the data won't be compromised.
(CNN) -- Andy Roddick has told the official ATP Tour website that he is fit and raring to go as he prepares to defend his Brisbane International title next week.
Four-time major winner Phil Mickelson and 2007 Masters winner Zach Johnson are part of a six-strong group one stroke further back on four under.
"The general public in Yemen is seeking a transfer of power to the vice president," Gen.
Heavy rainfall from four major storms in August and September created fatal flooding and mudslides in Haiti.
The United States has provided more than $30 million in humanitarian assistance to Haiti in the wake of the storms, the U.S.
NBC is premiering several new comedies this fall, including broad and wacky titles like "Animal Practice" and "Guys With Kids," as well as potentially more risky shows like the Matthew Perry therapy sitcom "Go On"and Ryan Murphy's unconventional family comedy "The New Normal."
Baghdad (CNN) -- Former President George H.W.
A St.
Much of the restoration will be done by hand using traditional specialist skills, particularly when it comes to carving and shaping the wood.
"I've always written plays for the purpose of getting something out of my system.
Norwegian authorities have not yet released the Norwegian citizen's name.
The funding amounts to 1% of the overall $1.4 billion Cal Grant program, officials said.
The first match on Friday morning will feature world number two Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson for the U.S. against a strong European pairing of third-ranked Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer, who won the US PGA Championship last month.
Talking about mental health can make a big difference and social contact -- which is where people with and without mental health problems come together to have a conversation -- is an extremely powerful approach in breaking down the taboo around the issue.
KATHMANDU, Nepal (CNN) -- Pilot error caused the crash of a U.N.
London (CNN) -- For the last three years Greek society has suffered a prolonged period of economic and political crisis, which has been magnified by unprecedented austerity measures.
The 54 pilot whales were among a group of 192 that beached themselves a day earlier on King island, which lies between Tasmania and the southeastern tip of Australia.
A Turkish court ruled Wednesday that the country's ban on Twitter violates the right to free expression and demanded that citizens' access to the popular microblogging service be restored.
It took four searches over the course of nearly two years to locate the bulk of flight 447's wreckage and the majority of the 228 bodies in a mountain range deep under the ocean.
To add extra spice to Saturday's Melbourne showdown, both world No.
They also claim to have spotted about three similar living creatures -- and showed reporters video stills of what they say is one of those creatures shadowing them through the woods.
With more than 99% of polling stations reporting, he had nearly 51% of the vote versus the 45% won by challenger Oscar Ivan Zuluaga, according to election officials.
It was written by Younis al-Mauretani, a senior al Qaeda planner thought to have been behind an ambitious plan to hit "soft" targets in Europe in the fall of 2010.
Al-Mauretani proposed that al Qaeda recruits take jobs with companies transporting gasoline and and other sensitive companies in the West, and await the right moment to strike.
"We've been able to scrub in on surgeries where we help blot blood away or hold tools for Dr.
Outlook will only pull data from e-mails connected to Facebook accounts.
The Sussex County grand jury indictment accuses Dr.
New Jersey Gov.
The police subsequently arrested Vorayud Yoovidhaya, 27, a prominent member of one of Thailand's richest families whose wealth is connected to Red Bull, and charged him with causing a death with negligence and hit and run.
Police Sgt.
District Judge Ricardo Urbina found that the government's case was built largely on "statements compelled under a threat of job loss in a subsequent criminal prosecution," a violation of the Fifth Amendment rights of the five men charged.
Clenbuterol can prevent pigs from accumulating fat but is harmful to humans and can be fatal.
Kinkade, one of the most popular artists in America, painted more than 1,000 pieces on various topics, including cabins, nature scenes, seascapes and classic Americana.
(Health.com) -- People who consume lots of foods rich in vitamin B12 -- such as fish and fortified cereals -- may be at lower risk of developing Alzheimer's disease than people who take in less of the vitamin, a small study conducted in Finland suggests.
Hong Kong health officials -- unwilling to see a repeat of the SARS epidemic in 2004 that killed nearly 300 people -- placed the hotel on lockdown.
Over a two-month period, scientists working in Lore Lindu National Park on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi caught and released three pygmy tarsiers.
On ''Motherlover,'' honorary Islander Timberlake returns for a deeply filthy, proudly MILF-y ode to ''pushing that way where you came out as a baby,'' while the triumphantly goofy ''I Just Had Sex,'' with Akon, manages to be both outrageous and entirely plausible radio bait.
Rihanna, Nicki Minaj, a sleepy, maybe-not-in-on-the-joke Snoop Dogg, and ''major cinephile'' Michael Bolton(!) all make appearances -- but it's the chameleonic core trio that truly surprises.
"It wasn't until we started to produce metrics that people understood that people took us seriously.
It was the 14th trophy of Guardiola's remarkable reign at the Catalan giants which began at the start of the 2008/09 season when he succeeded Frank Rijkaard.
Child labor is often used for illegal gold mining in the area.
Do you know a hero?
About 300 people were missing and feared dead after Monday's landslide, including 100 students, said Catherine Ntabadde, a spokeswoman for the Ugandan Red Cross Society.
The landslide occurred near Mount Elgon, on the Kenya-Uganda border.
Know what you're good at and hone that skill
The Edward M.
The law is expected to cost roughly $6 billion over the next five years.
The estimates were released by the World Meteorological Organization to coincide with annual climate change negotiations taking place in Lima, Peru.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- British bank Lloyds TSB has agreed to forfeit $350 million dollars to U.S. and New York authorities for criminally hiding information about prohibited dealings with Iranian and Sudanese customers.
The top four boxers who medaled at the National Championships in late June have a rare distinction this year: Women's boxing has been added to the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
Boxing has been a huge sport in the Latino world for decades, producing some of the community's biggest stars, such as John "The Quietman" Ruiz, a Puerto Rican who defeated Evander Holyfield for the world heavyweight title in 2001.
Some gaming experts claim that social-network games put business concerns before artistic ones and are specifically designed to prompt base Pavlovian responses and keep players clicking away.
Jimmy gave more frank and succinct criticism of the kiddies over a few minutes of edited commentary than the judges have doled out all season.
The six wild card contestants had to "sing for their lives" while their nine devastated compadres had to sit around, playing dead.
The troubled Middle Eastern nation has been without clear leadership and potentially on the brink of armed conflict since Houthi rebels seized control of key government facilities, dissolved parliament, and placed the President under house arrest.
The warning said an "ongoing risk of kidnapping" exists, and the U.S. government is worried about possible terrorist attacks on Americans and Western facilities.
Mark Landon had a few acting credits, playing small roles in three movies, according to the Internet Movie Database.
There is a continuum between brain death and normal awareness that patients such as Sharon fall into, Black said.
Then there's the obvious: An Apple tablet would have color, making it better for displaying magazine pages, which could also be purchased through the iTunes Store.
(CNN) -- Military personnel threw away, and ultimately burned, confiscated Bibles that were printed in the two most common Afghan languages amid concern they would be used to try to convert Afghans, a Defense Department spokesman said Tuesday.
The rust-colored storage container, which some neighbors referred to as an above-ground bunker, was surrounded by crime scene tape on the day of suspect Nathaniel E.
The bout came just two weeks after Super Typhoon Haiyan devastated his homeland of the Philippines, giving the country's most famous sportsman added incentive to return home a hero.
The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur, and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes.
Forster, suddenly lost their best-seller ranking -- which is the number that Amazon uses to show how well one title sells compared with another.
(CNN) -- World No.
And from an economic point of view, sometime this year, China may overtake Japan to be the world's second biggest economy and looks set to continue to boom.
One of the big issues for the U.S. is China's currency -- considered undervalued by 20 to 40 percent, giving Chinese exporters a competitive edge.
Combat and casting magic will still be done through the handheld Xbox 360 controller.
The English version is expected to be released during the week of April 23 with the other versions following close behind.
The oldest woman to climb Everest is also a Japanese.
Miura broke his hip in an accident two years ago, and he underwent heart surgery in January.
The news first broke yesterday when Whitfield tweeted, "Yes it is official I'm leaving 'Real Housewives of Atlanta.'
Meanwhile, U.S. officials are weighing whether to release an actual image of bin Laden's corpse.
Do you know a hero?
New Braunfels also boasts several organizations dedicated to preserving its German heritage, including the New Braunfels Schuetzen Verein, a shooting club that traces its roots back to 1849, and the German-American Society of New Braunfels, which says it has more than 700 members.
The 2011 tropical cyclone season in the west Pacific has been about average, not significantly above or below usual events.
There could be interactions with other large-scale weather and climate variables, such as El Nino or La Nina (in the case of this summer, La Nina was in place, and this does normally lead to higher than average precipitation in South East Asia).
Meanwhile Friday, a U.S.
Ziglar wrote more than two dozen books on salesmanship and motivation over five decades.
The winner of that morning match will play either Hunter Mahan or Mark Wilson, with the U.S.
Morsy will be tried along with members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Palestinian Hamas, al-Ahram newspaper reported.
This is the latest in a series of legal woes for the deposed leader.
He already faces charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests against his rule last year.
Federal analysts looking at the proposed Solyndra loan in 2009 warned then of possible problems, as well as pressure from the White House to speed up a decision, according to a memorandum released last month by congressional investigators.
Officials at U.S.
(CNN) -- Dale Earnhardt Jr. won the Daytona 500 on Sunday night in a race delayed six hours because of weather.
"Paul just radiated love and you can't fake that," he said.
President Barack Obama, ISIS has established itself as the main jihadist group in the world today, leaving al Qaeda struggling to make an impact.
Peng Liyuan, wife of China's new president Xi Jinping, made her debut as China's First Lady this week accompanying Xi in his first overseas trip as China's new state president.
She is a popular soprano, widely known in China for her soaring, glass-breaking voice and patriotic folk songs.
Chinese analysts think Peng can similarly help burnish China's image overseas by projecting a softer touch.
"Our only concern is, she might unintentionally upstage our No.
Many Koreans eat the spicy fermented cabbage dish every day, and a weather-driven crop shortage has forced them to cut back or pay much more.
The price of napa cabbage, a key ingredient in kimchi, has climbed fourfold.
CNN: What is J.K.
The report goes on to document various horrific instances of violence and abuse against Russia's LGBT community, including by radical nationalist groups luring gay men on the pretext of a fake date.
Among these is the United States, which issued a travel alert last updated on May 28 that recommends U.S. citizens reconsider their journey to Thailand, particularly Bangkok.
Defence expenditure is budgeted to rise to Rmb670.247bn ($110bn) in 2012, Li Zhaoxing, spokesman of the National People's Congress, told reporters a day before China's rubber stamp parliament opens to hear premier Wen Jiabao's budget report.
The rate of increase is slightly lower than last year's 12.7 per cent but in line with the growth trajectory over the past two decades.
"It was just a big misunderstanding," said Zineb Curran, a Boston Red Sox spokeswoman.
Los Angeles city officials recently began a crackdown on such illegal dispensaries within the city.
In the past officials have disqualified songs with explicit political messages.
Outgoing Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen.
Outgoing Florida Gov.
His comments came a day before Obama meets with Pope Francis in Vatican City in a visit that the White House says will focus on their shared commitment to helping the disadvantaged.
The Professional Landcare Network (PLANET) hosted its 16th annual Renewal & Remembrance beautification project at the sprawling cemetery.
"Together they form a true strategy for fighting crime and violence," said Sen.
The final film featuring the late Paul Walker, "Furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend and earned a record-breaking $60 million internationally on Wednesday and Thursday for a possible worldwide debut approaching or crossing $300 million by the end of Easter Sunday.
While Apple has already confirmed that it has sold 2 million iPhone 5s, and retailers around the globe detail best ever pre-order records, Microsoft is hoping people will wait.
Yahoo announced Wednesday that it will unveil a new corporate logo September 4 -- the first such change since the company was founded 18 years ago.
Head injuries are the most common cause of death among skiers
Russia and China have been reluctant to impose strong sanctions against Iran.
Iran says its nuclear program is peaceful and has called the U.N.
"You are in the situation.
Zhikharev also told Interfax that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has offered a military airfield on La Orchila island as a temporary base for Russian strategic bombers.
The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur, and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes.
(CNN) -- Former world number one Justine Henin has ruled herself out of the U.S.
It said the attacks may target places where expatriates gather such as hotels, shopping centers and beaches.
(CNN) -- A 36-inch underground natural gas pipeline exploded into flames Monday in Johnson County, Texas, killing one and injuring at least five people before officials were able to shut the flow of gas, officials said.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Allegations that five U.S.
(CNN) -- Former Serbian President Milan Milutinovic was Thursday found not guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity in Kosovo by a U.N.
(Rolling Stone) -- The long-gestating Tupac Shakur movie may finally begin production this November, now that director Antoine Fuqua ("Training Day") has brought on Oscar-nominated screenwriters Stephen J.
The Franklin Fountain is a cool escape back to the early 20th-century ice cream fountain shop.
(CNN) -- A U.S.
(CNN) -- English double winners Chelsea have completed their second major signing of the summer after swooping for Benfica's Brazilian international midfielder Ramires on Friday.
The 35-year-old announced before the South African tournament that it would be his swansong, and earned his 100th international cap in the opening Group E victory against Denmark last month.
(CNN) -- Liverpool continued their improvement under manager Kenny Dalglish with a superb 1-0 Premier League win at Chelsea, making it a debut to forget for striker Fernando Torres against his former club.
Pinal County is between Phoenix and Tucson and has been described as a key transit point for illegal immigrants and drug traffickers.
Nand's body is due to arrive from Vienna early Thursday in Sachkhand Ballan, a monastery dedicated to Guru Ravidass, a 14th-century low-caste Hindu spiritual figure.
Zimbabwe's government maintains that the situation is being exaggerated by the West in an effort to exert pressure on President Robert Mugabe to leave office.
The death of Dr.
(CNN) -- Samsung says it expects to make a second quarter profit of US$5.9 billion, thanks largely to burgeoning sales of its flagship Galaxy smartphones.
Apple filed a trademark protection over the phrase "App Store" after the release of the iPhone 3G, making what an independent observer may deem a sensible business move -- especially since the App Store is now earning Apple a slight profit, and its archive of apps for iPhone and iPad (and now the Mac too) is an incredibly potent advertising lever.
Back in January, Microsoft postured against Apple's trademark, and has asked the USPTO to void Apple's trademark request on the grounds that the phrase "'app store'" is generic for retail store services featuring apps and unregistrable for ancillary services such as searching for and downloading apps from such stores."
MTV music coordinator Gabe Ben-Meir was killed by a shotgun blast to his head early Sunday, police said.
The crimes happened in just blocks from Olympic Boulevard, in and around the Wilshire section of Los Angeles over the past two weeks, police said.
The city will also deploy scout teams to transmit video images of neighborhoods back to City Hall during clean-up efforts, the mayor said.
(CNN) -- Bahrain Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa has insisted Sunday's grand prix in the Gulf kingdom will go ahead despite continued anti-government protests on the country's streets.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Former linebacker Junior Seau's family sued the National Football League on Wednesday, claiming his suicide last May was the result of a brain disease caused by violent hits he endured playing the game, the lawsuit said.
(CNN) -- Bayer Leverkusen moved to within three points of German Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich after a comfortable 4-2 home victory over Hamburg on Sunday.
With nearly 98% of the votes counted, Erdogan avoided a runoff by winning more than 52% of the votes, according to CNN Turk and Anadolu News Agency.
Erdogan stopped short of declaring victory when he spoke Sunday night.
Last year, LaRose agreed to kill a resident of Sweden, an indictment says, and a U.S. government official familiar with the case identified the target as Lars Vilks, a cartoonist who outraged some with a drawing of the Muslim Prophet Mohammed.
(CNN) -- A mandatory evacuation was issued Saturday for a southwestern Illinois town threatened by the rain-swollen Mississippi River, an order that was issued as the U.S.
The concept is simple: Amanda Clarke, disguised as Emily Thorne, returns to the Hamptons to take revenge on the people who destroyed her family when she was a little girl.
Kim Kyung Hee was the sister of Kim Jong Il, the North Korean leader who died three years ago and left his son in power.
The 9th Circuit U.S.
The 9th Circuit U.S.
President Barack Obama publicly acknowledged -- for the first time -- the human toll that drone attacks inflict on Muslim civilians.
Merian C.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Predatory mice are threatening the albatross population on a remote south Atlantic island and have caused the birds' worst nesting season on record, a British bird charity says.
Former world No.
The group, Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, says the man is Cicala Sergio.
The decision to close the detention facility received immediate backing from Obama's general election opponent, Arizona Republican Sen.
The bills must be now voted on by the opposite chamber before going to Gov.
Travalena -- known as "The Man of a Thousand Faces" -- died at home in Encino, California, surrounded by family, according to his publicist.
The Concordia is practically a skyscraper in two directions: 17 decks high and 951 feet long.
But the company says it will have to change strategies in cooling the No.
Among the injured is Ahmed Abdul-Wahed, deputy governor of Salaheddin province, a largely Sunni region in north central Iraq.
Last week, a series of car and roadside bombs targeting buses and bus stations rocked predominantly Shiite areas of Iraq and killed 19 people.
That's how friends describe Jenny Sanford, the wife of Gov.
The Serb has won five of his six grand slam titles in the last two years, while world No.
Because of U.S.
Sen.
Amnesty International said it has received firsthand reports of torture and other ill treatment from detainees held in Syria, as a wave of arrests of anti-government protesters intensified over the weekend.
"I just got home," a man identified as Guy Heinze Jr. told the emergency dispatcher in the Saturday call, released Monday by authorities.
It wasn't that long ago that most political observers here and in Washington thought his fourth campaign would be a losing battle too -- a Senate race against popular Democratic Gov.
Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state, but has launched attacks in other countries as well.
(CNN) -- Israel has halted a plan that would have displaced tens of thousands of Bedouins in the southern part of the country.
Shirin Ebadi, who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2003 for her human rights work, left Iran for a conference in Spain the day before June presidential elections that sparked an earlier round of violent protests.
Vice Adm.
Tomatoes grow best in full sun (at least 8 hours daily) and well-drained soil rich in organic matter.
This is the first bear-caused human fatality in Yellowstone since 1986, Nash said.
Justin Carter, 19, had spent five months in prison for posting, during an argument about a video game, what he said was a sarcastic comment about how he was going to "shoot up a kindergarten."
"I just think it got taken out of context, and it's been blown out of proportion," Carter told Kate Bolduan on "New Day," CNN's morning show.
Outdoorsy types can catch up with "Hillbilly Handfishin'" on Animal Planet (9 a.m.-5 p.m.), and weapons buffs have a choice between Discovery's two-series gun spectacular ("American Guns" from 9 a.m.-1 p.m. and "Sons of Guns" from 1 p.m.-6:30 p.m.) or G4â€²s "Bomb Patrol" (1-11 p.m.).
Come nightfall, BET is catching you up with its newest original offering, "Reed Between the Lines" starting at 6 p.m.
For those who can't get enough of procedurals, TNT is airing "Bones" all day starting at 10 a.m., followed by a "CSI: NY" marathon at 8 p.m.
(CNN) -- A marijuana bust along the U.S.-Mexico border revealed 30 pounds of the drug stuffed into framed pictures of Jesus Christ, the U.S.
The missionaries say they were just trying to help the children start a new life.
But Haiti's prime minister said Sunday the group was kidnapping the children.
Cairo (CNN) -- The controversial Qatari TV network Al Jazeera has bought Current TV, gaining access to millions more U.S.
A U.S.
The extent to which young people do not get what rape means has changed little over the years.
Same-sex marriage is legal in the District of Columbia and 19 states: California, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Washington.
The enemies are numerous, so players will get plenty of practice with their weapons and abilities.
A "massive and unprecedented" assault against al Qaeda fighters in Yemen appears to be targeting high-level operatives of the terrorist network, U.S. analysts said Monday.
Up to 50 million Americans have some kind of allergy, according to the American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Psaki said Kerry decided it would be productive to return to the region this week after consulting with a U.S. team that is negotiating with the Israelis and the Palestinians to end their decades-long conflict.
For precisely that reason, the Vatican had hoped that Benedict's trip to the region this week could surmount the occasional PR gaffes that have plagued his papacy.
Humans contract Ebola through contact with the bodily fluids of infected animals or the bodily fluids of infected humans.
Tampa (CNN) -- Perhaps it was because Rep.
Both sides agree to return to Cairo for further, indirect talks -- as Israel and Hamas refuse to meet face to face.
She described the U.S. administration of President Barack Obama as the most "litigious against journalists that we have had in decades," making clear it was not just a problem in emerging democracies such as Turkey, Cairo and Sri Lanka.
A group of researchers at the University of Vienna tested subjects in Austria and Arizona and tracked their activity, finding that that the only significant predicator of yawning was temperature: subjects were much more likely to yawn at higher temperatures.
Insurance companies often cover mental illness in a more limited fashion than physical illness.
However, new cases of the virus had dropped in the past three weeks.
The 30-second spot is part of a $2.5 million buy and is running statewide.
Measure H.R.
Marine Corps Gen.
"Foods that are laden with carbohydrates, sugar, or fat simply taste delicious," says Heather Hausenblas, Ph.D., an associate professor of exercise psychology at the University of Florida, in Gainesville.
"Edgy guys stand out in people's minds," Liotta said of his famous "bad guy" roles, according to the Dispatch.
The prisoner release order comes amid broader tensions between Washington and Kabul over Karzai's current unwillingness to sign a bilateral security agreement to keep some U.S. and other coalition troops in Afghanistan after this year.
NAPLES, Italy -- Udinese remained in fifth place in Italy's Serie A after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to Napoli on Saturday, with both teams having a player sent off.
Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice in two minutes to end a goal drought lasting two and a half months, netting on 74 and 75 as Napoli moved up to ninth in the table.
The U.S.
Ferrari's Felipe Massa was quickest in the afternoon, more than three seconds slower than the Australian's earlier best.
The seven instances of alleged forgery involve six inmates because one inmate was allegedly involved in two forgeries, authorities said Tuesday.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- More than two years after her death, Carol Anne Gotbaum's children are expected to receive a $250,000 settlement from an insurance company on behalf of the city of Phoenix, Arizona, and its police department.
The 45-year-old Gotbaum accidentally strangled herself while in police custody after behaving erratically in a terminal at Phoenix's Sky Harbor airport when she missed her connecting flight, according to both family and police accounts.
Seau, 43, died of a gunshot wound at his Oceanside, California, home wound last week in what the coroner concluded was a suicide.
(CNN) -- Capt.
As a general rule, SPF 15 blocks 93% of UVB rays, SPF 30 blocks 97% and SPF 50 blocks 98%.
There's lifesaving reason to: About 3.5 million cases of skin cancer will be diagnosed this year.
She became a household name as the lead prosecutor in the O.J.
Tucker, 39, bought the 10,000-sq.-ft.
Former European No.
Paul Ryan had the most changes with 10, but on Tuesday, Ohio Sen.
Nasdaq suffered its second high-profile embarrassment in six months when it was forced to cancel trades in Kraft Foods after a trading glitch caused the company's shares to soar nearly 30 per cent.
The auto sector makes up about 7% of South Africa's economic output -- a crucial chunk.
Mark Ruffalo is the third actor to play Bruce Banner/Hulk in the past decade, and even though the soft-spoken star would seem to have the longest fuse (when we first see him he's tending to the sick in an Indian slum) he's immediately both more dangerous and more fun than either Edward Norton or Eric Bana in the same role.
"It's not easy to be vulnerable and this is one of the most difficult times in my life," Ford said in a statement Wednesday.
Despite a gimmicky premise, "Chronicle" fuels its action with characters you can laugh with, understand and even take to heart.
The girl, Sahar Gul, was married off to a 30-year-old man about seven months ago.
COLUMBIA, South Carolina (CNN) -- South Carolina Gov.
U.S. intelligence officials say that pro-Russian rebels were responsible for shooting down the commercial airliner traveling from Amsterdam, Netherlands, to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Poveda -- who recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang, part of the Mara 18 gang in El Salvador -- was found shot dead in the town of Tonacatepeque, about 10 miles northeast of the capital, San Salvador, on September 2, authorities said.
(CNN) -- Former Virginia Sen.
Roger and Mary Brumback, both 65, were found dead at their home early Tuesday by officers responding to a welfare call.
The McCain campaign launched an ad Wednesday attacking Obama for his 30-minute special.
Carter was in Beirut as part of more than 200 international observers monitoring the election.
(CNN) -- Eurozone finance ministers meeting in Brussels, Belgium, on Monday will discuss giving Spain an extra year to meet its deficit targets.
"What basically he's made it clear is that she's not going to be a victim of this law," Gov.
Lindsay June Sandiford, 56, was convicted in January of smuggling what officials said was cocaine worth an estimated $2.6 million after she was stopped by customs officials at Ngurah Rai International airport in Bali in May last year.
The United States undercut almost every principle we claim to adhere to on negotiating with terrorists (in this case, the Haqqani network, the militant group that was holding Bergdahl, has plenty of American blood on its hands) and let out some very bad guys who are almost certain to direct any number of enterprises to attack Americans and weaken the U.S. efforts in Afghanistan.
(CNN) -- Thailand's constitutional court has declared the country's February 2 general election invalid as it breached a law requiring that the polling process be completed on the same day nationwide.
Meanwhile, U.S.
A U.S.
Topless photos of Catherine, wife of Britain's Prince William, appeared in the French edition of Closer.
Eight of the climbers who died on Mount Tomuraushi were in a group organized by a tourist company, according to Yuji Kikuchi, a spokesman for Hokkaido police.
Except for a 32-year-old survivor, all the climbers were in their late 60s, the spokesman said.
(CNN) -- Easton Neston is the kind of place you'd expect to find in one of PG Wodehouse's comic novels -- a playground for England's eccentric and carefree landed gentry.
Interrogation Report - Learn why the U.S. government is investigating past CIA interrogation methods.
Iraq Dust Storms - Explore the impact of desertification on Iraq's plants and people.
Bolt Mania - Witness the whirlwind of success surrounding the world's fastest man.
The station is used by trains leaving for southern France and Spain as well as commuter service to other parts of Paris.
Brembo is a world leader when it comes to high performance brakes, with a high profile at Formula 1 and other motor car racing events.
Almost a quarter of Brembo's sales come from Germany, dwarfing the share for Italy, at 15%.
Lombardy is regarded as one of the four motors of Europe, a highly industrialized region that powers its country with export-led companies, many family-born, like Pirelli, Campari and Luxottica.
Rivers, 81, stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic Thursday morning, according to the New York Fire Department.
Same-sex couples in Chicago and surrounding Cook County can marry immediately and won't have to wait until June 1 for a state law legalizing gay marriage to take effect, a federal judge ruled Friday.
Liberato Vega, 30, left, and Israel Moreno, 28, are suspects in the kidnapping of 3-year-old Briant Rodriguez.
During a visit to troops at Fort Drum, New York, on Thursday, Gates said he is waiting to hear what Gen.
SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- North Korea fired several short-range missiles toward the Sea of Japan on Saturday, an act that the U.S.
Pyongyang test-fired four such missiles off the east coast Thursday, Yonhap reported.
Previously, the most popular person on Facebook, with just over 6 million fans, was U.S.
(CNN) -- Calling for an airport screening process that maximizes security but cuts down on passenger hassles, the U.S.
Aceh, Indonesia, located at the northern tip of Sumatra, bore the brunt of the tsunami, with an estimated 130,700 killed, 565,384 internally displaced while 199,766 houses were destroyed or damaged.
Bomb disposal experts examined the mortars and confirmed that two contained white phosphorous, a police spokesman said.
Is Sen.
The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide dating back to the early 1990s, when hundreds of thousands of Rwandans were killed in ethnic battles between minority Tutsi and majority Hutu.
Raymond and Thomas Highers, both 46, were sentenced to life in prison for the 1987 murder of a suspected Detroit drug dealer.
Instead, homegrown radicals inspired by or affiliated with jihadist organizations are launching more limited strikes that still achieve the core aim of terrorism: death, widespread fear and panic.
Do you know a hero?
Below is a full list of nominees for the 2013 Tony Awards, which will be broadcast on CBS on June 9 at 8 p.m.:
Police identified the victims as Jamal al Jamal, 57, and his 52-year-old wife.
Outgoing New York Gov.
A simple majority was enough to be elected the prime minister.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy was due to arrive in Moscow Tuesday for talks with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on the crisis.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
On Sunday, New Mexico Gov.
BETHLEHEM, West Bank (CNN) -- Hundreds of Christians packed the Church of the Nativity on Thursday for a midnight Mass in what is thought to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ.
"This year we have the best opportunity in a generation to turn Texas blue," Dean said, referring to Van de Putte and Wendy Davis, the Texas gubernatorial candidate and liberal star.
Johnson-Sirleaf -- currently the only elected female head of state in Africa -- is up for re-election next year.
Bennett said the ZEduPad is set up to teach grades one to seven through interactive learning in every subject from math to PE, art and music.
"It's like a dream.
While the Netherlands will have an early opportunity for payback by taking on Spain in a repeat of the 2010 final, U.S.
A statement from the U.S.
McDonald's claimed that the prefix "Mc" in McCurry trampled on its trademark.
"We're very relieved -- much, much relieved -- that this eight-year-old saga is finally over," said McCurry owner P.
Many of those scattering the ashes have also been affected by suicide or have outlived their children, she said.
Police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up more.
McCall -- who was appointed CEO in July 2010 -- says the biggest challenge facing the company today is maintaining cost advantage over its competitors.
No one submitted the minimum $3.2 million bid for former Falcon Michael Vick's Atlanta-area mansion.
Turkey's culture wars pitting the pious Muslim elite against the old guard secularists have played out recently in a debate over the airline's policies.
(CNN) -- Spain's Jose Manuel Lara claimed only the second European Tour title of his career with victory over Englishman David Lynn in a playoff at the end of the Austrian Open in Atzenbrugg.
Just like in the $24,000-to-$30,000 category, Consumer Reports recommended a slew of world-beating used Lexus models in this segment: the '06-'07 6-cylinder GS RWD; the '07 GS450h Hybrid; '05-'07 GX; '07 IS; '04-'07 LS; '03-'06 LX and '06-'07 RX.
Chris Watson, vice president of the British Transplantation Society, told CNN that 49 percent of last year's lung donors in the UK were smokers.
(Careerbuilder.com) -- Problem: Even though rest is how your body rebuilds, there's virtually no time or space to do it at work.
Taking breaks is often the only way to prevent the error that being tired and unrested can cause, yet it's hard for most workers to rest -- and still be efficient -- at work.
Gen.
The Council for Coordinating the Reforms Front called Thursday for people to march "with their green colors" in support of the opposition Green Movement on February 11.
Iran has been trying and executing people accused of demonstrating against the June 12 presidential election victory of Ahmadinejad.
Do you know a hero?
Washington (CNN) -- A former campaign aide who has accused Republican congressional candidate Carl DeMaio of sexual harassment released the results of an independent lie detector test on Friday in an effort to refute DeMaio's suggestion that he is a suspected criminal.
(CNN) -- India's central bank cut key lending rates for the first time in three years on Tuesday in an aggressive effort to stimulate growth and boost investment at a time when the gloss is rapidly coming off Asia's third largest economy.
(Financial Times) -- France's Dassault has been awarded frontrunner status in the hotly contested $20bn race to supply 126 fighter jets to India, providing a much-needed boost for French economic and industrial prestige.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California, who helped push through the law when she was House speaker, cited the late Sen.
The event was organized by Bright Automotive, a small carmaker from Anderson, Indiana, to showcase its IDEA, a new, 100-mpg plug-in hybrid electric vehicle that it hopes to market for government and commercial fleets.
Washington (CNN)President Barack Obama became the first president to use the words "lesbian," "bisexual" and "transgender" in a State of the Union on Tuesday night, issuing an historic call for protections for individuals of any sexual orientation.
"We know that the U.S. citizens were targeted," Reyes told CNN, saying a police officer saw gunfire from a car directed at the Americans' car.
Dr.
Former President George H.W.
Israel's military did not comment on any of the allegations at the time, but has long said it would target any transfer of weapons to Hezbollah or other groups designated as terrorists, as well as any effort to smuggle Syrian weapons into Lebanon that could threaten Israel.
United Nations (CNN) -- The International Criminal Court's chief prosecutor reported Friday to the U.N.
There were 90.4 homicides per 100,000 people in Honduras in 2012, according to this year's report from the U.N.
With a price tag of $250,000, Savelli smartphones come complete with 18-carat white gold casing encrusted with precious diamonds.
U.S.
All three wives have set up Web sites to support their husbands: defendjohnhatley.com, defendjosephmayo.com and supportsgtleahy.com.
A federal appeals court in Boston made a similar ruling in May, but the moves are considered largely symbolic as the issue is expected to eventually be taken up by the U.S.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai met with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari in Tehran, Iran, and discussed the attacks, according to a statement from Karzai's office.
Dr.
People shared Eventbrite events on Facebook almost four times as often as they did on Twitter.
The handful of staffers from Rep.
(Rolling Stone) -- Rock stars and merchandising extraordinaires KISS have joined forces with Fox's animated hit "Family Guy" for a co-branded product line that will hit stores in fall, according to the Hollywood Reporter.
FotoFlexer -- FotoFlexer bills itself as "the world's most advanced online image editor."
Cameroid -- Cameroid lets you "take crazy (or not) snaps with your webcam straight from your browser."
The deputies, along with members of the West Virginia State Police and the Mountain State Fugitive Task Force, were serving an arrest warrant on Charles E.
Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice has withdrawn her name from secretary of state consideration, attention is turning toward Sen.
The justices are seated by seniority, with the chief justice in the middle.
No cameras are allowed, but the public sessions are audio recorded, and are available for listening, usually several days later.
It's one of the questions at the heart of a lawsuit filed against Northwest -- now owned by Delta Air Lines -- by S.
Earlier this month, American won bankruptcy court approval to throw out the pilots' labor agreement and impose new working conditions on its 8,000 active pilots.
Washington (CNN) -- Rep.
The state of Arkansas owned the flooded land and had earlier won a $5.6 million judgment.
The U.S. has previously stated that concrete movement on North Korea's U.N. obligations to de-nuclearize were a pre-condition of talks.
It is, quite simply, a poorly conceived and constructed film.
It's too bad that one of modern cinema's great master filmmakers couldn't do more with such a compelling character and important part of this country's history.
The U.S.
(CNN) -- The Director's Guild of America has announced its feature film nominees for 2014, and you can probably guess who made the cut.
So yes, Steve McQueen (who helmed "12 Years") and David O.
Nigeria has seen a rash of killings and kidnappings blamed on criminal groups or the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
The daughter was to have been named Carolina, but that plan was changed after the August 5 cave-in trapped her father, Veronica Ticona said.
The coffee chat will happen at Apple's Cupertino, California, headquarters.
The controversial chemical has been used by commercial bakers for the purpose of strengthening dough but has been poorly tested, according to the Center for Science in the Public Interest.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Obama on Thursday sent a civil nuclear agreement with the United Arab Emirates to the Senate for ratification, but its passage remains uncertain, thanks to a recently disclosed video.
Lawrence has extensive experience with visual effects-driven action sequences from his first two films, 2005â€²s supernatural thriller "Constantine" and 2007â€²s post-apocalyptic thriller "I Am Legend" -- which shares a similarly bleak tone to "Catching Fire."
It's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice.
As China's ranks of consumers swell -- the number of middle class earners is estimated to grow 70% to 600 million by 2020 -- so too rises the stakes for companies looking to cash into China's growing consumer market.
One of Gaia's objectives is to help in the hunt for exoplanets -- new worlds beyond our own solar system.
As soon as Obama finished his remarks, Sen.
Around 400 people were executed in England and some 4,000 in Scotland for alleged witchcraft, campaigners say.
The Witchcraft Act of 1735 put an end to trials of accused witches, but many still faced persecution and jail for other crimes such as fraud.
In 2004, one Scottish town managed to get a pardon for the 81 accused witches that had been put to death there.
"The IMF and the World Bank urgently need to address their legitimacy deficits," the leaders said in a statement released at the second summit of the so-called "BRIC" economies meeting on Thursday in Brasilia.
All you need is a webcam, a microphone, and an Internet connection.
Many live streaming services are free for personal use, though don't rule out pre-recording videos when you're starting out to get the hang of things before making the plunge into 100% live lifecasting.
"By visiting these countries, we use our economic leverage as travelers to support best practices," says Ethical Traveler.
(CNN) -- Tour de France legend Laurent Fignon has died from cancer in a Paris hospital aged just 50.
In the second, unrelated incident, two men were shot dead in a Toys "R" Us in Palm Desert, California, after they argued in the store, police said.
Officials said they also arrested 58 people and seized more than $41 million worth of illegal medicines.
Authorities are offering a $30,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in recent homicides and assaults on women.
The former teen star and mother of one is hard at work on her sixth album and recently wrapped the video for her first single, a duet with Monica called "It All Belongs To Me."
Singer-songwriter Frank Ocean is also contributing to her new project, and according to Brandy, their relationship is more than just professional.
(CNN) -- Iran's foreign minister Tuesday called on Yemen's neighbors to stay out of the conflict between Yemeni forces and Shiite Muslim rebels, while Yemen said it had seized an Iranian ship near its territorial waters.
(CNN) -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger and midfielder Samir Nasri have both been charged with improper conduct by governing body UEFA following the London club's European Champions League elimination at the hands of Barcelona on Tuesday.
Also, a third of people who read e-content say they now spend more time reading than they did before e-books.
Currently 28% of Americans age 18 and older own at least one tablet or an e-book reader.
Former Chicago School Board head Gery Chico was in second place with 25%, while City Clerk Miguel del Valle had 9% and former U.S.
The new president vowed during the campaign to remake the image of the United States in the world.
The U.S.
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has said he will proceed with a scheduled visit to the United Kingdom this week despite Cameron's remarks, a government official said.
Fevered efforts by ISIS to capture the embattled Syrian city of Kobani have handed U.S. and allied forces a prime opportunity to deal the extremist group a bloody nose, the U.S.
By pouring what Gen.
(CNN) -- David Nalbandian has announced his retirement from tennis after failing to overcome a troublesome shoulder injury.
Within a decade, the study shows, the highest rates could instead be found in the Deep South and Appalachia, thanks to sharp declines in the Northeast.
And as the study notes, Southerners are also more likely to be obese and to smoke -- both known risk factors for colon cancer (also known as colorectal cancer).
Colonoscopies can be prohibitively expensive if not covered by insurance, but many doctors believe they are the only acceptable option and fail to suggest fecal occult blood tests, a more affordable alternative that uses stool samples.
Do you know a hero?
Al-Shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the United States because of its ties to Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda network.
The local fire department received a call about an explosion at Chemical Coatings Inc.
The State Department renewed a travel alert to Mexico last month, citing increased violence in the country -- border areas in particular.
The peak of the storm is forecast for Saturday night through midday Sunday.
In a statement, Lady Gaga called the Born This Way Foundation a "passion project" that she will direct with her mother, Cynthia Germanotta.
Brown and several others were cut by flying bottles and fists in a melee at the W.i.P.
(CNN) -- Virginia Gov.
Button visited McLaren headquarters earlier this month as he was being lured to the team, he said in a statement Wednesday.
The group has no experience running an orphanage, has not registered as an international adoption agency and has not filed with the U.S. government as a nonprofit.
The Rev.
Nearly eight in 10 say things are going badly in the country, with just 21 percent suggesting that things are going well.
But three out of four questioned say that things are going well for them personally.
Silver's many roles included playing political consultant Bruno Gianelli in "The West Wing," and attorney Alan Dershowitz in the movie "Reversal of Fortune."
His 27th studio album, "The Next Day," is riding high at the top of UK charts, earning critical acclaim.
(Financial Times) -- Three of the most powerful officials in Angola have held concealed interests in an oil venture with Cobalt International Energy, the Goldman Sachs-backed explorer whose operations in one of the world's most promising energy frontiers are under investigation by US authorities, the Financial Times has learned.
In each of these cases, the backing group failed to get into the Hall of Fame at the same time as their frontman - sometimes causing a great deal of controversy.
The six groups will be inducted April 14 at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's annual ceremony at Cleveland's Public Hall.
Russia responded with its own sanctions against a list of U.S. officials and lawmakers.
Dr.
About half of the 20,000 people who applied to be on his new spin-off "Tough Love Couples" were younger than 21, he said.
The Daily Beast is the name of a newspaper in Evelyn Waugh's 1938 novel "Scoop", the favorite book of the website's founder and Editor-in-Chief, Tina Brown.
It is not a coincidence that constitutional reforms were considered a priority in all the Arab Spring countries -- and that popular Islamic movements in countries such as Tunisia and Egypt have the upper hand in redrawing laws.
Grenada provides a third of the world's supply of the spice, which can be sampled as a powder, syrup, or jam.
A century ago this Saturday on a street corner in Sarajevo, Gavrilo Princip fired the shot that started World War I when he killed Archduke Franz Ferdinand.
If Verizon gets the iPhone and the iPad, it would greatly expand Apple's potential market, and would also likely deal a severe blow to AT&T, which has been roundly criticized for the inability of its 3G network to keep up with iPhone-induced demand.
Cricova's tunnels are vast wine-filled wormholes that extend for anywhere between 60 and 120 kilometers (37 and 74 miles), depending on who you believe.
The island's dining scene attracts a number of German celebrities (Claudia Schiffer, Boris Becker), and many frequent the stylish Sansibar (80 Hörnumer Str., Rantum; 49-4651/964-656; dinner for two $130).
More than half of all young Yemeni girls are married off before the age of 18 -- many times to older men, some with more than one wife, a study by Sanaa University found.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E.
Do you know a hero?
The initiative is meant to broaden his groups' work in promoting religious tolerance and "expand learning among Muslims, Jews, Christians and people of all faiths," the statement said.
There are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines, including Air France, worldwide.
The January transfer window opened on New Year's day in Europe -- 31 days of opportunity for clubs, be they title chasing or relegation haunted, to reinvent their season.
(CNN) -- Authorities believe two Arizona prison escapees and their alleged accomplice may be in the Yellowstone National Park area of Montana and Wyoming, based on recent information, the U.S.
"Through this base -- the first in the Middle East -- France is ready to shoulder its responsibilities to ensure stability in this strategic region," said President Sarkozy.
Brig.
In the U.S., not a single passenger was killed in an accident on a scheduled passenger flight the entire year.
(CNN) -- U.S.
(CNN) -- Saudi King Abdullah has appointed a woman to the council of ministers for the first time as part of a Cabinet reshuffle, networks including Saudi state-run Channel One reported Saturday.
You can monitor the best deals out there on any number of Web sites dedicated to Black Friday deals.
The United States has been careful to describe the trip as only a limited diplomatic foray and one not designed to replace the fuller negotiations.
In recent weeks North Korea has sought direct talks with the United States in what American officials saw as a possible re-entry to full negotiations with the United States and other countries over ending Pyongyang's nuclear program.
Eolas maintained its patents entitled the company to royalty payments from just about anyone running a website with "interactive" features, like rotating pictures or streaming video.
(CNN) -- Carlos Sainz is closing on his first Dakar Rally car title after extending his lead with victory on Tuesday's 10th stage in the South American event.
Each year, between 3 million and 4 million cats and dogs in shelters are euthanized, according to The Humane Society of the United States, a Washington-based animal advocacy group.
Its value had been estimated at $2 million to $3 million.
South Carolina GOP Sen.
She was 55.
(CNN) -- A top American envoy was summoned by Pakistan's new government to protest a U.S.
It raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity.
SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park's conservation efforts and research.
Saccomanni's comments come as members of U.S.
Saccomanni's comments come as members of U.S.
Bradley was sacked by U.S.
Despite their poor performance which saw them exit in the group stages, England is second only to Brazil in the number of of social mentions, with over 10 million interactions.
Authorities said last week that about 300 graves had been disturbed as part of the scheme, but that number is expected to rise.
About 40 million Americans have chronic sleep disorders that prevent them from getting good rest.
"I wish I had a word of automatic comfort, but I don't," she writes in an open letter to Brown's parents.
Perhaps in reference to this public debate, Fulton writes the Browns will "hear character assassinations about Michael which I am certain you already have."
"I'm not talking about 25%.
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Three suspected al Qaeda militants were killed by a U.S.
Bawer Aksal was detained on August 21 upon his arrival in Newark, New Jersey.
Dr.
(CNN) -- Hints emerged Monday that China may terminate its controversial system of labor prison camps this year.
A French company has introduced what they're calling the world's first connected electric toothbrush, which syncs wirelessly with a smartphone to track brushing habits, announce whether you, or your kids, have brushed thoroughly enough and reward you for good oral hygiene.
Anna Nicole Smith's boyfriend Howard K.
The first face transplant was performed in France in 2005 on Isabelle Dinoire, whose mouth, nose and chin had been chewed away by her dog.
An attorney for Rep.
Mandela has been in and out of hospitals in recent years.
He has not appeared in public since South Africa hosted the World Cup in 2010.
Authorities were attempting to disperse anti-India protesters Sunday when a tear gas shell hit the 13-year-old boy, Whamiq Farooq Wani, in the head and killed him as he played cricket in a stadium, protesters say.
(CNN) -- To hear Spc.
The tapes are about eight hours of recordings between Watson and his attorney from 1969, Bill Boyd of McKinney, Texas, according to court papers.
"I do not even wish to use the phrase 'honour killing': there is not the faintest vestige of honour in killing a woman in this way," U.N.
Many detainees have been released or transferred to third countries over the past decade.
Muslims have already said they will appeal to the Supreme Court.
Elizabeth Lauten, communications director for Tennessee Rep.
(PEOPLE.com) -- No stranger to performing, Pink is honing her acting chops to star as free-spirited sex addict Dede in "Thanks for Sharing."
Her character shares a bond with "Book of Mormon"'s Josh Gad, who, as Neil, is another of three characters undergoing 12-step treatment for sex addiction.
"[Pink] could not be a more ideal fit for this role," writer-director Stuart Blumberg said in a statement.
"This unnamed source said he has had this information about Sen.
The U.S.
Republicans have once again blocked an extension of benefits intended to aid the long-term unemployed.
Chechnya is located in the North Caucasus region of Russia between the Black and Caspian seas.
Mark A.
(CNN) -- Tourists visiting an Egyptian resort have been warned to be alert after a series of shark attacks that have left one woman dead and several people seriously injured.
(CNN) -- Bagpipers sounded "Amazing Grace" on a snowy day at a Utah cemetery as military pallbearers marched to rest the casket of Pfc.
Authorities say Maj.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- British airlines have put into effect measures to stop people with swine flu boarding flights in a bid to prevent the virus from spreading further.
Medical screening for the swine flu virus has been introduced at many airports around the world for passengers arriving on international flights but there are concerns that many people may not be aware they are infected.
Spanish flu was the worst pandemic of the 20th century.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheree L.
Gupta is a member of the staff and faculty of the Department of Neurosurgery at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta, Georgia.
The wings, included in the sale, have been separated from the body of the aircraft and the bid site for the aircraft lists "severe water damage throughout the airframe" and "impact damage to underside of aircraft."
The auction, managed by Dan Akers of Chartis Insurance, is set to end on March 27 at 4:30 p.m.
Applied Pharmacy on Flamingo Road in Las Vegas sold the anesthetic propofol to Dr.
Philadelphia (CNN) -- A Philadelphia judge threw out three of the seven first-degree murder charges against Dr.
Gates says, "I was 13 when I first got access to a computer.
The queen herself made previous state visits to Singapore in 1972, 1989 and 2006 -- and the public housing estate that her grandson and his wife were to visit later Wednesday was named Queenstown in honor of her coronation in 1953.
Police also are looking for a silver minivan -- possibly a Chrysler Town and Country -- that was seen at the gas station.
(CNN) -- The Queen's hopes of marking her Diamond Jubilee with a win at Royal Ascot were dashed when her horse, Carlton House, was beaten by two-and-a-quarter lengths by So You Think in the showpiece Prince of Wales Stakes on Wednesday.
Semenya, 21, was the subject of a gender test by the International Association of Athletics Federations following her 2009 victory in Berlin at the world championships.
Her masculine build, chiseled abs and deep voice fueled rumors about her gender, sparking an international outcry.
He is described as stocky and bald, with short gray hair on the sides, and wears glasses.
Bergrin was an assistant U.S. attorney in New Jersey before going into private practice.
The win put Panama on top of Group C with two victories from two ahead of the final match against Canada, who are level with the U.S. on three points after beating 10-man Guadeloupe 1-0.
On the night we were not sharp enough," coach Bradley told the U.S.
The first-person shooter from Kaos Studios and THQ expands on current tensions with North Korea, but delves into a future where North and South Korea unify and ultimately occupy the United States in 2027.
- In 2002, bat-biter Ozzy Osbourne attended and evidently stole the show from then-president George W.
- David Cross showed up in 2009 and allegedly snorted cocaine in front of President Obama.
Aso's visit to Washington comes, as his approval rating stands at a meager 11 percent, the second lowest ever recorded for a Japanese prime minister.
Christiana Figueres, executive secretary of the U.N.
Doing it with news cameras rolling on a busy Saturday night in the middle of Times Square is something Det.
Hillary Clinton's Senate seat, which may make it difficult for New York Gov.
StubHub is expecting big numbers in 2015 from a different crop of touring (or rumored-to-be-touring) artists: Adele, Coldplay, Foo Fighters, Taylor Swift and U2.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Five U.S.
The FBI also added Raddulan Sahiron, a Filipino wanted for his alleged involvement in the kidnapping of an American in the Philippines in 1993, to the "most wanted terrorists" list.
"I have serious concerns that conducting a rushed interrogation onboard a ship and then turning Abu Khatallah over to our civilian courts risks losing critical intelligence that could lead us to other terrorists or prevent future attacks," Sen.
Rep.
The interview will air over two nights, beginning at 9 p.m.
The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk, the agency said in a press release.
Now Gen.
At least 883 people have been killed in drug-fueled violence in Juarez this year, officials say.
The alerts about a blue Nissan -- possibly carrying Ethan Anderson, 8, and sister Hannah Anderson, 16 -- were the first sent statewide in California under a new program that sends Amber Alerts about abducted children via text messages to millions of mobile phones.
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S.
The United States carries out drone strikes in Pakistan aimed at dismantling terror operations, but generally does not comment on them.
Sen.
Manfred spent 15 years as MLB's executive vice president of labor relations, during which time he represented the league in reaching collective bargaining agreements with players in 2002, 2006 and 2011 -- without any work stoppages, as happened several times in the 1980s and 1990s.
Do you know a hero?
Do you know a hero?
Chavez has not specified the type of cancer he is battling, and the government has released few specifics, fueling widespread speculation about his health and political future.
North Korea also has called the annual training exercises "an open declaration of a war."
North Korea cited the U.N.
A handwritten document buried in a file led cold case investigators to Ian Jackson MacDonald, 71, the U.S.
A handwritten document buried in a file led cold case investigators to Ian Jackson MacDonald, 71, the U.S.
The swimmers are reporting a higher percentage of diarrhea than other athletes at the games, said an Australian official who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Jagged rows of teeth-like hooks line its inside and attach on a man's penis during penetration, Ehlers said.
Pattinson reiterated that he only does interviews like this one in order to promote his films, and added that he's never gotten used to the paparazzi attention he garners: "I think if you start getting used to it, it means you're going crazy."
Twitter, Facebook and YouTube were widely used in Tunisia's recent uprising and in Iran last year.
The British market for superyachts grew more than 15 percent during the fiscal year ending June 1, 2009, according to a new survey.
The Kolyma Highway (M56) in Russia is the coldest road on Earth -- temperatures once plunged to -67.7 degrees C (-89.8 F).
The new world No.
Kerry met with Netanyahu for the first time since the U.S. and five other world powers reached a deal with Iran over its nuclear program.
The sleek 13-ounce design is fitted with a sensor that analyzes the molecular content of drinks in real time, and then displays selected nutritional information such as sugar or alcohol content on the side of the cup.
The device can be set to multiple "lenses" to meet a variety of needs, from weight loss to improved sleep.
Washington (CNN) -- Army Staff Sgt.
The sleek, slang word used by some to describe the health reform law signed by President Barack Obama has taken on a roller-coaster trajectory of its own, first coming into favor with Republicans as a criticism of the law, and more recently, as the subject of Democratic efforts to reclaim it.
Perhaps confronted with the pervasiveness of the word, Democrats began an effort to redefine it -- an effort which began after it was signed in the summer of 2010.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Topps Meat Co. on Saturday expanded a recall of ground beef from about 300,000 pounds to 21.7 million pounds, one of the largest meat recalls in U.S. history.
The 45-year-old has endured a lean period since his 2005 U.S.
Editor's note: A nationally syndicated columnist, Roland S.
A U.S.
This is the first time the FDA has set limits for arsenic levels in food or drink products.
Law enforcement officials said that Wal-Mart is now acting to limit the public address feature to a smaller number of in-store telephones.
Lopez has confirmed that the New Jersey store is updating its intercom systems and that the company is looking at Sunday's episode to see if there are any lessons for the retailer's other 4,000-plus American stores.
Obama is "anxious to get back to work" and put the midterms behind him, according to a White House official who spoke on the condition of anonymity, adding the president regards the final two years of his term as a "fourth quarter" with the potential for real action.
(CNN) -- Basketball might be a team sport, but Mount St.
Almost 38 percent of LinkedIn users earn more than $100,000 a year.
In an August 2010 statement, U.S.
The statistics were released by Rep.
The results play no official role in deciding who governs Iraq, but it means al-Jaafari will be the person that the al-Sadr bloc is committed to supporting as the next prime minister.
He will be required to check in regularly with immigration authorities, Hale said.
For a long time, the best-known aspect of Xi's life was his wife, a famous folk singer who used to perform before millions on state television.
Gov.
Kentucky Republican Sen.
The album was inspired by the Occupy Wall Street movement and will "provide an anthem and rallying cry for the protesters involved in the uprising," producers say.
Tariq Abu Khdeir, 15, was expected to arrive in Tampa on Wednesday night after completing his house arrest in Jerusalem, said Hassan Shibly, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations in Florida.
A high school sophomore in Tampa, Khdeir was visiting his Palestinian relatives in Jerusalem for the first time in over a decade when he was attacked and detained, family members told CNN after the assault.
Pestilas added that the Greek government had encouraged tourism from Americans by loosening regulations on cruise ships, eliminating taxes for airlines and cutting fees for hotels.
Terry Hall, 43, of Snellville, Georgia, pleaded guilty to bribery conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy in federal court in Birmingham, Alabama, on Wednesday, the department said in a release.
Ukrainian Col.
Greensboro, North Carolina (CNN) -- Prosecutors wrapped up their case in the John Edwards corruption trial Thursday, detailing hundreds of thousands of dollars in expenses used by his former mistress, whose concealment during Edwards' failed presidential run remains at the heart of the scandal.
Edwards faces six felony courts, including conspiracy and making false statements.
Former Rep.
The Kulm and Badrutt's Palace hotels are still St.
Stark's arrogance and narcissism come back to haunt him in the form of spurned entrepreneur Aldrich Killian (Guy Pearce) and a larger-than-life terror-monger by the name of "The Mandarin" (Ben Kingsley).
(CNN) -- Floyd Mayweather Jr. had his nose bloodied midway through the fight, but maintained his poise to remain undefeated and claim the WBA junior middleweight title from Miguel Cotto.
Washington (CNN)White House officials pressured Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel to increase the pace of detainee transfers from the U.S.
"He grabbed my arm and asked, 'Will you be going to school anymore?'
The New Zealand triumph -- their fifth since 2000 in the prestigious event -- took them back to the top of the HSBC Sevens World Series -- with two rounds of the nine remaining.
Johnson was found dead in a rolled-up gym mat at his high school in Valdosta, Georgia, on January 11.
Some airlines are introducing amenities and getting creative with seat design to lure budget-minded travelers like Sharpe.
The Oscar-winner has a 5-year-old daughter with ex-boyfriend Gabriel Aubry.
On Wednesday, Paul McCartney refuted media accounts about the fate of the Beatles song catalog, which Jackson co-owned.
The salary cuts and pay freeze will save approximately £3 million ($4.4 million) over the life of the Parliament, Downing Street said.
The Arkansas' Crater of Diamond State Park is the only diamond-producing site in the world open to the public and this isn't the first time a diamond has been found, nor is it even close to the biggest diamond discovered at this amazing park.
Department of Health and Human Services launched a website to get the public's help in finding and bringing fugitive "deadbeat parents" to justice.
Officials at the Archives say they don't know how many confidential records are on the hard drive.
On Wednesday, the Archives announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to its return.
Queen Elizabeth has a well-documented interest in all things equestrian, and has been attending Royal Ascot since before her reign began in 1952.
(CNN) -- NASA's Mars rovers are celebrating their fifth birthday on the Red Planet, exceeding their original life span by four years and nine months, with no end in sight to their history-making work.
(CNN) -- Former President George W.
The story centers around the original family of vampires and stars Joseph Morgan (Klaus).
Phoebe Tonkin, who plays sexy werewolf Hayley on "TVD," is also set to star.
See J.
Obama had said only that his position was "evolving" after having once opposed same-sex marriage.
The new world record still awaits official approval from Guinness, but if it turns out to be legitimate, the title of the world's fastest texter will move from the U.S. to England.
This year the monsoon rains came late but when they did it was with an unrelenting force that brought massive flooding to parts of Pakistan-administered Kashmir and across the plains of Punjab province, wreaking devastation and disaster along the way.
The comments followed a meeting in Washington -- referred to by both sides as the "2-plus-2" talks -- involving Clinton, U.S.
Cpl.
(CNN) -- Gilles Frydman wasn't ready to see his friend Dr.
TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- Authorities have arrested a U.S.
In "The Lucky One," Efron plays Logan, a Marine with three tours of Iraq under his belt.
Under the new law, food offered for retail sale that is entirely or partially produced with genetic engineering must be labeled as such by July 2016.
"Vermonters take our food and how it is produced seriously, and we believe we have a right to know what's in the food we buy," said Gov.
It has meant boom times for European brands like Prada, Louis Vuitton and Chanel.
Five hundred fowl that had died in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region tested positive for the H5N1 virus, according to China's Ministry of Agriculture.
In late January, China confirmed its sixth case of bird flu in a human.
They're currently on their 50th anniversary tour around the world.
Three years later, Wilson would produce "Good Vibrations" -- considered by Rolling Stone magazine as his "ultimate triumph as a producer, and one of the most innovative pop hits of the Sixties."
At $150 million apiece, the F-22A is the most expensive Air Force fighter.
(CNN) -- Dr.
(CNN) -- An international peace conference in Johannesburg has been cancelled after South Africa refused the Dalai Lama a visa to attend the event.
The rest of the show was canceled, and the crash is under investigation.
The girl, named Carrie, introduced herself to Wagner backstage at a November 4 concert in Boca Raton, Florida. where the actor was performing with Rick Springfield.
Reports say Carrie, who was given up for adoption as an infant, had recently tried to track down her birth parents, a search that led her Wagner.
The U.S.
Meanwhile, the U.N.
Use an air-conditioning filter with the highest minimum efficiency reporting value (MERV) rating suitable for your system.
Lawson and her children moved out of their family home and she hasn't spoken to him since.
(CNN) -- What can Sen.
But some U.S.
The Transportation Department is planning to convene a pipeline safety forum on April 18 in Washington.
SnapChat's 4.6 million users' user names and cell phone numbers were posted online.
TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- Japan will lobby a dozen members of the International Whaling Commission at a meeting Monday to support its much-criticized Antarctic whaling program -- just three days before all members of the commission meet in London to discuss reaching an agreement on whale conservation rules.
Boko Haram-related violence killed 1,500 in the first three months of this year alone.
Sen.
(The Hollywood Reporter)A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v.
Dr.
Security personnel will also check mountain climbers for non-essential expedition materials, Dotel added.
(CNN)For the first time, the U.S.
At Ambrosia, on the Greek island of Santorini, the island's sea-filled volcanic crater provides a rocky perch for the terraced restaurant, from which diners gaze out on an inky blue sea.
Two girls allege in court that the vaccine made them sick.
And this trend is likely to continue: According to the AAP, more than half of adolescents visit a social media site more than once a day, and 75% have cell phones, which are often used for texting and instant messaging.
Capt.
Who friends whom: More than 65% of friendships between 13-year-olds and their parents are initiated by the child.
Police officers and special forces covet the ability to "see" through walls as they mount rescue or military operations.
His parents never abandoned more orthodox treatments for his autism, and Rowan's applied behavioral analysis therapist has him studying math and English at the third-grade level -- a full year ahead of some of his peers.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal returned to singles action Wednesday at the Rogers Cup in Montreal but his comeback lasted just 36 minutes as his opponent, David Ferrer, was forced to withdraw with injury.
World No.
Wednesday, Sgt.
Chinese premier Li Keqiang is in Moscow for a meeting with his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev.
Pittsburgh (CNN) -- Singer Elton John paid tribute to his friend and fellow AIDS-activist, Elizabeth Taylor, at a concert in Pittsburgh Wednesday night.
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S.
(CNN) -- Former Serb international midfielder Sinisa Mihajlovic has been sacked as coach of Serie A side Fiorentina following a 1-0 defeat by Chievo on Sunday.
The U.S.
The U.S.
(CNN) -- Pirates attacked a Japanese cargo ship off the coast of Somalia on Sunday, a Japanese Transportation Ministry official said.
A pair of small pirate vessels fired on a ship operated by Mitsui O.S.K.
In 2008, pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 off Somalia, according to the International Maritime Bureau.
The release of Edgar Jimenez Lugo, a U.S. citizen known as "El Ponchis" or "The Cloak," comes less than three years after a Mexican court found him guilty of torturing and beheading at least four people and kidnapping three others as an operative for the South Pacific Cartel.
This freewheeling style of celebrating the arts is finally gaining a foothold in America: the U.S.
"Racism is not for debate!"
(Financial Times) -- A senior Chinese auditor has warned that local government debt is "out of control" and could spark a bigger financial crisis than the US housing market crash.
Zhang Ke said his accounting firm, ShineWing, had all but stopped signing off on bond sales by local governments as a result of his concerns.
Last weekend's fairest movie of them all, "Snow White and the Huntsman," bit into the poison apple of competition and dropped 59 percent to $23 million during its second frame.
Police had received a report that the man and some others were sniffing glue, Munnee said.
More than 600 Energie Cottbus supporters saw their team suffer its sixth loss in seven games when it received a 4-0 drubbing Friday at the hands of another team, Schalke.
The team said it will announce details in the coming weeks of how fans can receive a refund on their admission ticket.
Scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets and perhaps whether they brought water to the Earth or even the chemicals that make up the building blocks of life.
More like a physicist or philosopher than a chef, Adria says he's come up with a "theory of everything" -- a model to unlock creativity in any walk of life.
William will split for a while Monday for a trip to Washington, where he will meet with President Barack Obama in the Oval Office.
The level of the Balonne River in the town of St.
But "The Vow" surpasses low expectations, for this male film critic at any rate, if only because it hits on an intriguing yarn and plays it out with some respect for the characters involved.
Amnesia often figures as a handy crutch for thriller writers who love teasing out doubt and deception, but Michael Sucsy's movie is a different beast, a romance first and foremost, but a romance that claims to be inspired by a true story.
An actor who finds "perplexed and concerned" well within his limited range, Channing Tatum is a good fit for the bruised and brooding Leo, and the lively Rachel McAdams has some nice moments as the (blank?)
More studies are needed to confirm the role that these genetic variants play in contributing to Alzheimer's in the African American population, but if the associations are confirmed, they could lead to more refined ways of diagnosing and treating the disease in this group.
Italy has seen a series of tragedies as migrants in crowded boats cross from North Africa to Europe.
Hundreds more have been rescued from often unseaworthy vessels and taken to the tiny Mediterranean island's overcrowded detention center.
Procrastinators, keep this in mind: About a week before Christmas, some carriers may automatically send packages out next-day within some regions of the country, regardless of whether you paid for expedited service.
(CNN) -- More than three years ago, the outgoing U.S. ambassador in Zimbabwe, Christopher W.
Fort Hood is the largest U.S. military installation in the world by size, and on any given day, it is home to 25,000 to 30,000 people, according to an Army spokesman at the Pentagon.
NASA scientists have also credited the quake with shifting the Earth's axis enough to create shorter days.
With up to four guitars, bass and drums, Coxon is not an act for the faint-hearted.
What do you think?
"We continue to work with authorities in their efforts to locate Dr.
In March, shortly after the attack, the family of Charla Nash filed a lawsuit seeking $50 million in damages from the owner of the primate.
She's now an audio engineer for the West Point Band.
(CNN)The most deadly Islamist terrorist attack ever in France followed weeks of warnings from French officials that the threat had risen to unprecedented levels.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- U.S.
KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- A U.S.
The U.S.
As a result, 18% to 45% of battered women remain with their abuser in fear of what he may do to a pet or livestock upon leaving, according to a study by the American Bar Association.
But that is changing as 21 states plus the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico have enacted laws to include pets in domestic violence protection orders.
A study by the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence found that 71% of women entering shelters report that their batterer had injured, killed or threatened a pet to exert control over them.
(CNN) -- The United Nations announced Wednesday that it is temporarily relocating dependents and nonessential staff in the Central African Republic because a cease-fire with rebel forces is not holding.
Jo-Ann Burrows believed for years that her son had been cremated before making the grim discovery about his fate.
The mother-of-five is now taking legal action against the hospital authorities in Hampshire, southern England, the UK's Press Association reported Thursday.
In June, the country's top court ordered the government to restart ERT.
Gen.
Odierno is expected to set the stage for an eventual U.S.
The visit was to have taken place amid ongoing warfare and tension along the Afghan-Pakistan border and was to have focused on the nations cooperating in the fight against terror.
2008: President George W.
Details of the death -- as has been the case with other such incidents -- are sketchy and difficult to verify.
Cranston, who's directing the upcoming April 11 episode of ABC's Modern Family, is expected to direct the ninth episode of Breaking Bad's final season (the 2013 premiere, assuming all goes according to plan).
More than 600 Energie Cottbus supporters saw their team suffer its sixth loss in seven games when it received a 4-0 drubbing Friday at the hands of another team, Schalke.
The team said it will announce details in the coming weeks of how fans can receive a refund on their admission ticket.
The American people voted in big government, and they will be punished and made to pay for it in immiseration.
Comic book fans meet Ms.
The 21-year-old went to Egypt this year after spending time in Morocco and falling in love with the region.
Bradley Manning, suspected of leaking classified information to the WikiLeaks website, is being moved to the Joint Regional Correctional Facility at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, defense officials said Tuesday.
Patients taking Iressa mainly experienced skin rashes and/or mild diarrhea.
Patients on Taxotere had many more severe side effects, including hair loss, numbness in hands and feet, severe diarrhea, a drop in blood cells and nausea.
(CNN) -- World No.
Disney has launched a new digital series starring the Muppets in support of "The Muppets Most Wanted" release on Blu-ray and DVD August 12.
The fund has projected a redevelopment of the site will bolster Greece's gross domestic product, which has contracted by 39.5 billion euros in the past five years to 171.4 billion euros, by 0.3% over the next ten years.
Hellinikon airport was once Greece's flagship terminal and hub for international travel, but has been abandoned since its closure in 2001.
Sen.
Beijing, China (CNN) -- Chinese officials blamed poor management and inadequate precautions for an explosion at a mine that killed 104 people, state-run media said Monday.
His cousin, Jonas "Yunus" Edmonds, 29, was arrested at his home in Aurora in connection with an alleged plot to carry out an armed attack on an unspecified U.S. military facility in northern Illinois where Hasan Edmonds had been training.
(CNN) -- Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI will attend the Mass of canonization of John Paul II and John XXIII, the Holy See confirmed Saturday, according to Vatican Radio.
Think of it this way: Every 30 seconds, two non-Hispanics reach retirement age and one Latino turns 18.
Australian Webber held a 14-point advantage going into the inaugural Korean GP and had started second on the grid behind his teammate Vettel.
When asked if he foresaw any more bailouts, Schaeuble said "No, no I don't see, the problems are not solved but we are in a much better shape than we used to be some years ago."
The losing party will almost certainly ask the U.S.
Washington (CNN) -- Twelve U.S. service members brought prostitutes to their hotel rooms in Colombia prior to an April visit by President Barack Obama, according to a U.S.
(CNN) -- U.S.
President Barack Obama is expected to finalize a comprehensive partnership with Indonesia during his two-day stop in the Southeast Asian nation where he spent part of his childhood.
contractors and the U.S. military, Sen.
The midfielder signed on a deal to build a Park Ji-Sung football center in his hometown fully equipped with training areas and football fields.
The twin spacecraft Voyager 1 and 2 were launched in 1977, 16 days apart.
NBC's new comedy might benefit from the increased interest in politics thanks to the presidential election.
(CNN) -- Former French Ligue One champions Bordeaux have confirmed that they have agreed a deal for coach Laurent Blanc to take over as French national coach from Raymond Domenech after the World Cup finals.
The third-ranking Senate Democrat, Sen.
(CNN) -- My job as an imam and outreach director for the Dar Al-Hijrah Islamic Center, located minutes from the Pentagon and the U.S.
(CNN) -- India's Mars Orbiter Mission successfully entered Mars' orbit Wednesday morning, becoming the first nation to arrive on its first attempt and the first Asian country to reach the Red Planet.
It's estimated that up to 90 percent of patients are women.
In response, the IDF said, the Israeli Air Force attacked "two Hamas terrorist targets" in southern Gaza.
Washington (CNN) -- In direct and emotional terms, President Barack Obama informed the nation and the world Sunday night that a U.S. operation in Pakistan earlier in the day killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden almost 10 years after terrorist attacks that killed thousands.
Tote: The grown-up pattern of LeSportsac's ripstop-nylon Ryan Baby Bag ensures it will be your go-to shoulder bag long after you've survived the terrible twos. lesportsac.com, $128.
Backpack: The Reisenthel Mini Maxi rucksack zips into a wallet-size pouch that you can tuck into your suitcase for later use. reuseit.com, $18.
Semenya won the women's 800-meters gold medal at the World Athletics Championships in Berlin last month.
Suu Kyi was released from house arrest on November 13, after spending most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in prison.
Atlantis launched May 11 for NASA's final repair visit to the Hubble Space Telescope.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Piracy off the coast of Somalia can't be stopped until there is some authority to bring pirates to justice, according to the commander of the U.S.
France was a founding member of the NATO alliance in 1949 but it left the military structure in 1966 amid friction with the United States.
Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year?
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Afghanistan's presidential election will go to a second round after no one candidate garnered more than 50% of the vote, the country's election commission said Saturday.
It will be the country's first democratic transfer of presidential power.
ICE agent Kelton Harrison was shot Tuesday morning near Hargill, Texas, while he and other agents were conducting surveillance relating to an anticipated narcotics deal.
Harrison survived the shooting but underwent an operation and is still hospitalized.
Ford, 90, the co-founder of the nurse practitioner movement, is being inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame on Saturday in Seneca Falls, New York.
Delete any pictures that could have been taken in Anywheresville, USA, and opt instead for a photo of you posing with your prize-winning 100-pound pumpkin/busting out your rad jump-kick skills/pretending to make out with the giant mouse at Mars' Cheese Castle.
Do you know a hero?
Royal Delft itself was influenced by Chinese pottery, after Dutch tradesman brought back porcelain from the Far East in the 1600s.
Hundreds of years later and with the backing of the monarchy, Royal Delft is the sole remaining plant of 32 earthenware factories established around the industry.
The company hosts more than 120,000 visitors a year to its Rotterdamseweg base, to showcase how the pottery is made.
She has been a member of Iceland's Parliament for 30 years, and was in her second stint as minister of social affairs.
A woman and her husband underwent infertility treatment in the early 1990s.
Liz Cheney, whose upstart bid to unseat Wyoming Sen.
World No.
Hispanics have only a 33% chance of finding a perfect match on Be The Match, the national bone marrow donor registry, according to Dr.
"Saturday Night Live" kicks off its 35th season on September 26.
(CNN) -- Germany coach Joachim Low has ended speculation over his future by signing a two-year contract extension in the wake of a successful World Cup campaign.
(CNN) -- Minnesota Rep.
It might take two months to determine the cause of death of the 22-year-old philosophy major, said Dara Chadwick of the Rhode Island Health Department.
Firefighters decided to let the blaze burn itself out, and the column of smoke it put out wasn't expected to affect neighboring communities, he said.
The National Tea Party Federation, an organization that seeks to represent the Tea Party political movement around the country, has expelled Williams and his Tea Party Express organization because of the inflammatory blog post Williams wrote last week, federation spokesman David Webb said Sunday.
(CNN) -- U.S.
(CNN) -- U.S.
"The liberal social experiment with our military continues," Fleming said.
In third place, "The Dictator" collected a decent $17.4 million for a five-day tally of $24.5 million.
Dubai World is said to account for some $59 billion of Dubai's $80 billion debt burden.
The opinions expressed above are solely those of Dr.
The Missing Link, Ginormica, the blue blob B.O.B. and Insectosaurus dominate "Monsters vs.
Many students have stories of narrow escapes and cheating death by seconds.
The team has been put together by Culture Foot Solidaire (CFS) -- a Paris-based charity which campaigns against the dangers of the trafficking of young players by unscrupulous individuals; be they former players, businessmen, lawyers or unlicensed agents.
But his demand will almost certainly go unfulfilled; Hong Kong abolished capital punishment more than two decades ago.
Washington (CNN) -- Sen.
When "Two And A Half Men" star Jon Cryer won his second Emmy for best lead comedy actor he appeared surprise.
The destruction of the plant's cooling tower is part of an agreement with the United States aimed at denuclearizing the Korean peninsula in exchange for loosening some restrictions on the highly secretive Communist country.
In Germany, Kerry said al-Assad "needs to understand that he agreed to an international U.N.
More than 200,000 dolls from China, apparently shipped for holiday gift-giving, won't be going to any American children because U.S.
No one else was injured in the mall shooting.
Los Angeles (CNN)Hours after California Attorney General Kamala Harris began raising money for a bid to replace Barbara Boxer in the U.S.
"He's the heir apparent," CNN National Security Contributor Fran Townsend said about Saif.
Police conscripts then stood by as rival fans attacked each other with rocks and chairs.
(CNN) -- Veronica Campbell-Brown has been cleared to return to competition by officials in her native Jamaica despite the three-time Olympic sprint gold medalist having tested positive for a banned substance earlier this year.
Winners of the Children's and Teen Choice Book Awards were announced Wednesday night at the seventh Children's Book Week Gala in New York, part of the the 95th Children's Book Week.
(CNN) -- That North Korean leader Kim Jong Un won his first parliamentary election with a clear 100% of the vote might not be remarkable, but who he chose to cast his vote with certainly has sparked interest amongst Korea-watchers.
(CNN) -- That North Korean leader Kim Jong Un won his first parliamentary election with a clear 100% of the vote might not be remarkable, but who he chose to cast his vote with certainly has sparked interest amongst Korea-watchers.
On Monday, Zimmerman was briefly detained after a dispute involving his estranged wife, Shellie, and her father, David Bryant Dean.
The Sri Lankan government says Tamil chief Velupillai Prabhakaran is dead.
(CNN) -- Jose Maria Olazabal has confirmed he will not continue in his role as Europe's Ryder Cup captain after the weekend's memorable win over the United States.
(Financial Times) -- South Korean financial regulators will investigate the Seoul branches of Standard Chartered and HSBC in light of money laundering allegations against both banks by regulators in the US.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
(CNN) -- Texas Gov.
The technology will be used for the first time at the 2012 FIFA Club World Cup in December.
The pathologist who conducted the autopsy on Michael Jackson and ruled his death a homicide could testify later Thursday or Friday in the involuntary manslaughter trial of Dr.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E.
The burst was 3.9 billion light-years away from Earth -- that's pretty far, but it's still one of the closest gamma-ray bursts that scientists have spotted.
The state sent out 348 retail marijuana licenses to prospective retail marijuana establishments on Monday, including 136 marijuana stores, 178 marijuana cultivation facilities, 31 products manufacturing facilities and three marijuana testing facilities.
James co-wrote and co-produced the action comedy, which hits theaters on Friday.
Two previously unreleased songs, "Lena" and "Long Way Home," stand up well in this impressive company.
The baby, who will be a great-grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II, is due in July.
The program also showcased the winners of the Raise Your Voice video competition and featured a recorded video message from Archbishop Desmond Tutu, who warned about the impacts of climate change.
After the session, U.S.
The FTC hoped the tool might be similar to the "Do Not Call" registry -- the system that deterred telemarketers from causing so many headaches -- but offered very few technical details.
The Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant -- the subject of a battle between state authorities and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission over its continued operation -- uses one of 23 U.S.
(CNN) -- Rapper Gucci Mane made his first court appearance Wednesday on charges of aggravated assault and aggravated battery in connection with an alleged attack at an Atlanta night club, the Fulton County Sheriff's Office said.
Police have identified two other suspects but they have not yet been arrested nor have their names been released.
U.S. officials have been considering action against the Central Bank of Iran but became concerned that a full sanction could have a negative effect on the world economy because of the potential impact on oil prices.
Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful and has called the U.N.
Starting with studies in mice, the researchers found that animals that ate a diet high in the sulforaphane found in broccoli had significantly less cartilage damage and signs of osteoarthritis compared to mice who did not consume sulforaphane.
Vocabulary evaluation will count for 50% of a speller's overall score, and the score determines which competitor goes on to the semifinals and the championship finals, the bee said.
The tense times in Cannes came on the same day that Greece's cabinet voted to support Papandreou's call for a referendum on the bailout plan.
Latinos see LGBT advances as an example worth following
The Pakistani military said it has lodged a "strong protest" and called for a meeting of the two sides.
Geithner, explaining the delay, said the upcoming meetings are "the best avenue for advancing U.S. interests at this time."
Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year?
There were 159 cases of measles in the United States from January 1 through August 24, according to the CDC.
Nearly two-thirds of the reported cases happened in three outbreaks in communities where many people don't vaccinate their children for religious or philosophical reasons.
St.
Former U.S.
Now Clinton's allies in the finance world are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors in New York and beyond.
(CNN) -- Ohio State University President E.
The crowd formed just hours after the U.S.
Thankfully, you don't have to worry, as Fox's restart of the legendary franchise delivers on almost every front.
The tension of "Rise" increases so gradually through the film's first hour-plus that before you notice it, you're on the edge of your seat, virtually gagging for the the promised ape revolution.
Unlike the animatronics of old, the special effects of "Rise" are astonishing.
Williams was found dead in his Northern California home Monday from what investigators suspect was a suicide by hanging.
TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- Japan's GDP fell 4 percent last quarter, the fastest pace on record, the government said on Wednesday.
This was the fourth straight quarter the Japanese economy contracted.
A report expected this week from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has Israel abuzz with talk of the potential for a pre-emptive strike on Iran's nuclear facilities.
Cantona has written to French mayors to obtain the 500 signatures needed to stand in April's election, Liberation newspaper reported.
Politicians in Denmark are now debating whether to adopt a Swedish-style approach to the problem.
People repeatedly interrupted Nixon, shouting, "You need to charge the police with murder!" and "We want justice!"
Where will the Clinton baby be delivered?
Willie Nelson, Heart, Barenaked Ladies and Cheap Trick previously withdrew amid pressure from fans who signed online petitions, tweeted and posted on Facebook pages demanding they not play at the Orlando theme park.
Once they are installed, they will make the building the tallest in the Western Hemisphere, according to the site's management.
The center was 13.7 miles (22 kilometers) deep, the USGS said.
Monday's balloting went off peacefully, except for a few isolated incidents of skirmishes and people complaining of not finding their names on voter rolls.
(CNN) -- Argentina football coach Diego Maradona has undergone plastic surgery on his face after being bitten by one of his dogs.
426 - Electoral votes Bush received in the 1988 presidential election, with 53% of the vote, defeating Democratic challenger Michael Dukakis.
168 - Electoral College votes he received in 1992, losing to Bill Clinton, who received 370.
The same jury did not find the Dodgers then-owner, Frank McCourt, negligent in the case.
Affected users will not be able to log in and will receive an e-mail instructing them to reset their password.
"It's 100% better.
Four of nine provinces in Bolivia have declared autonomy from the central government in referendums this year.
The Nokia Lumia 710 went on sale January 11 for a budget-friendly $50, and is now available for only a penny from Costco, with the purchase of a T-Mobile data plan (which can be had for as cheap as $50 a month).
Motorola dropped the price of its ultra-thin 16GB Droid Razr from $300 to $200, with contract from Verizon.
You go through four years of hope," said Carolyn Maupin, whose son, Staff Sgt.
(CNN) -- Udinese have gone top of the Italian Serie A table on goal difference from Lazio after captain Antonio Di Natale was again on target in a 2-1 victory over Siena on Sunday.
This Chinese territory is made of more than 200 islands with 700 kilometers of coastline - more than the distance from London to Paris and double the distance from New York to Washington, D.C.
The $855 million platform, about the size of a sport-utility vehicle, has been in the works for years amid concerns about maintaining the U.S.
But with their sixth full-length, "Fallen Empires," Snow Patrol are hoping to make an emotional impact that resonates beyond the realm of McSteamy, if that's all right with McYou.
Break-ups, childhood nostalgia, even the loneliness of air travel are covered.
Texas Sen.
In May, Iran said it tested a surface-to-surface missile that is capable of reaching parts of Europe.
It's definitely a good idea to keep the Skylab-sized space junk controllable and to catalog asteroids that will pass near the Earth.
The likelihood that President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney will each net 269 electoral votes in November, instead of the 270 needed to win, is actually not so farfetched -- and for close observers of the Electoral College system, a tie would set off a wave of constitutional and political mayhem that would make the 2000 Florida recount seem like a tidy affair.
Henn is the only confirmed American fatality -- five other Americans were wounded, according to U.S.
The North Korean said that "while he was on guard duty, he killed his platoon and squad leaders and defected thereafter," the JCS said.
The infection was first reported by Noah Shachtman for Wired magazine last week.
In the new investigation, federal auditors will examine New Jersey's use of $25 million in Sandy relief funds for a marketing campaign to promote tourism at the Jersey Shore, New Jersey Democratic Rep.
Jordan -- who is acting as the honorary assistant captain for the U.S. team at the event -- puffed while playing a practice round despite the city's ban on smoking at public golf courses.
(CNN) -- On the last day of October 2011, the U.N. says the world population will hit seven billion people -- an increase of one billion since 1999.
The tourism industry, one of the most important assets for the Italian economy, is not immune from the crisis and data recently released by the National Observatory on Tourism show that the number of foreign visitors to Italy decreased, in the period January to October 2012, by 6.2% over the same period in 2011.
(CNN) -- The federal lawsuit filed by Pennsylvania Gov.
A federal grand jury in North Carolina charged him with illegal weapons possession, and prosecutors say he was involved in weapons trafficking in violation of his probation for a previous felony conviction, the court documents show.
The revised 3-D release plans will be announced "at a later date," it said.
"Star Wars: Episode VII" is set for release in 2015.
The Internet phone giant launched "Skype WiFi" in the Apple store Wednesday, an app that allows you to connect to more than 1 million Wi-Fi hotspots around the world -- and only pay for the minutes you use.
The Internet phone giant launched "Skype WiFi" in the Apple store Wednesday, an app that allows you to connect to more than 1 million Wi-Fi hotspots around the world -- and only pay for the minutes you use.
Access rates start at $0.06 per minute, but may be more depending on the provider.
The FDA says all manufacturers have agreed to the change their labels.
MOSCOW, Russia (CNN) -- A Ukrainian general has been arrested in connection with the murder of a journalist nearly nine years ago, the country's president said Wednesday.
Gen.
There was no comment on the technology that would be used in such a situation.
Estimates of the death toll range from 6,000 to 12,000, and property damage was estimated at $30 million.
In some of his broadest remarks on racism yet, President Barack Obama said Friday that he believes while there are "some hidden biases that we all carry around," people are "basically good" and want to fix those problems, if given solutions.
(CNN) -- Fourth seed David Ferrer was sent crashing out of the U.S.
The popularity of Google's search engine is still second to none, but Google has been plagued by black hat SEO practices and content farms for a while now, with thecomplaints from users slowly mounting over time.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Muslim and Jewish groups on Monday sharply criticized Sen.
Nobody really knows how many women were forcibly sterilized throughout Peru, but Victor Cubas, the special prosecutor who reopened the investigation in October, says that the number is in the thousands.
Instead, "The King's Speech" -- a crowning achievement powered by a dream cast -- digs vibrant human drama out of the dry dust of history.
Turkey's prime minister has shown little sympathy for the hunger strikers.
(CNN) -- England coach Fabio Capello has warned his players to behave or face the risk of missing out on a trip to the World Cup finals.
(CNN) -- Arizona Gov.
The incident started after deputies pulled over the 20-year-old in Pinellas Park for allegedly failing to maintain a single lane.
Hearings are held in open fields in neighborhoods where the attacks occurred.
There have been calls to abolish the tribunals, which have tried about 1.5 million cases since they started in 2001, according to the Integrated Regional Information Networks, a U.N. agency.
Although a small country, Costa Rica is brimming with opportunity for both adventure and relaxation.
None of the family members from Lugazi were able to afford the trip, but Uganda still received the loudest cheer of all when they were announced at the opening ceremonies.
In the women's game, Wimbledon champion Serena Williams equaled older sister Venus' total of 43 WTA Tour titles by beating fellow American Coco Vandeweghe in Sunday's final of the Bank of The West Classic in California.
Gen.
The East African nation has been on edge since it sent its troops into Somalia to pursue Al-Shabaab militants after the abductions of tourists and aid workers in Kenya.
Last month, the CIA acknowledged videotapes were made in 2002 of two terrorist detainees but were destroyed in 2005.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John J.
Nuevo Laredo has been the scene of violent attacks in Mexico's drug war.
Cosby, 77, was greeted with cheers and a standing ovation as he walked on stage wearing a gray sweatsuit with the words "Hello Friend" written on the front.
The body of the woman, who was not named, was found in the River Usk near the village of Talybont, in mid Wales close to the coast, Brecon police said.
General Assembly, Chavez spoke highly of current President Obama, saying he is an "intelligent man" and comparing him to President John F.
Chavez accused the Pentagon of being behind the ousting of Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya in a military-backed coup in June.
Tyson Jerome Barnette, 26, was on duty when he was killed, according to the Prince George's County Police Department.
Savana Redding was 13 when administrators suspected that she was carrying banned drugs.
Devo drummer Alan Myers, who was with the group from 1976 to 1986, died last year.
This week a major financial supporter of breast cancer education and services, the Susan G.
"The Vow," starring Rachel McAdams and Channing Tatum, led the way with a hearty $41.7 million -- the strongest opening so far this year.
Not too far behind was the Denzel Washington thriller "Safe House," which took in $39.3 million.
London (CNN) -- U.S.
London (CNN) -- U.S.
Marquise L.
Authorities have said the November 23 massacre in Maguindanao province was a politically motivated attempt to keep an opponent of the politically powerful Ampatuan family from running for governor.
Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao, which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation.
On Friday, Berlusconi will be the subject of a parliamentary committee that will consider whether he should lose his Senate seat after a conviction for tax fraud was upheld by Italy's supreme court two months ago.
Rep.
(CNN) -- Andrea Agnelli will become the new president of Juventus at the end of the current season -- the Italian giants confirmed on their official Web site.
She says she felt "illegitimate" and "dehumanized" after Hollande took over the presidency.
Such apps could be accessed through home computers or smart phones, as well as from within the vehicle itself.
(CNN) -- Years before the first Gulf War, Saddam Hussein was slaughtering Iraq's Kurds with bombs, bullets and gas.
David Puckett's nonprofit has provided free artificial limbs, orthopedic braces and care to more than 420 people.
(CNN) -- Italy beat England 4-2 in a penalty shootout to reach the semifinals of Euro 2012 after their match in Kiev Sunday ended goalless following extra time.
Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov.
Washington (CNN)A Florida "dream ticket," two nuggets about leadership questions in Congress and coming tests for Sen.
New York Sen.
(CNN) -- For three weeks, Dr.
Testicular cancer will be diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime.
Federal authorities in New York arrested Quazi Mohammad Rezwanual Ahsan Nafis on Wednesday after they say he tried to detonate what he thought was a 1,000-pound bomb, using his cell phone as a trigger.
The E-model aircraft, the youngest and most sophisticated in the F-15 inventory, is heavily used by Central Command for ground support in the U.S.-led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
All U.S.
The 101st Airborne Division assumes control of the U.S.
Spring allergies now start sooner and fall allergies end later, thanks to global warming, says Jeffrey G.
Between 3,500 and 5,000 barrels of heavy crude leaked from a ruptured pipeline -- not 12,000 barrels, as previously reported, according to Exxon Mobil spokesman Alan Jeffers.
"The reason this is troubling is that these women are really unknown to our law enforcement personnel," said Sen.
However, GOP Sen.
"It's all God's grace.
Ken Griffey Jr.
The Jackson Women's Health Organization filed for the action in response to a new state law that would require a clinic's abortion providers to be certified OB/GYN practitioners, and for those physicians to all have privileges at an area hospital.
U.S. officials have said that when the identity of the courier -- who they have not named -- was established in 2007 the U.S. began a path to the house in Abbottabad, Pakistan, where the al Qaeda leader was living.
The news wasn't quite as good for the latest addition to the nation's most exclusive fraternity: George W.
Going into the final turn of Saturday night's 1,500-meter short-track speed skating final, J.R.
Apple claims it has erroneously calculated the formula which displays signal bars on the iPhone, and therefore the iPhone has been showing too many bars in areas with weak signal strength.
Elie believes his was the first American basketball team ever to visit North Korea.
(CNN) -- Hall of Fame former NBA coach John "Dr.
Dr.
(CNN) -- Mary Kennedy, from whom Robert F.
There are over 7,000 diseases yet we only have cures and treatments for 500 of them.
Jeb Bush recently argued in an op-ed that Hispanic voters will represent the margin of victory in the 15 swing states that will decide who will win the race for the White House.
(RS.com) -- Lady Gaga, Arcade Fire and Eminem will perform as part of the inaugural YouTube Music Awards on November 3, celebrating the rise of the Google-owned video service to what it calls "the world's go-to music destination."
There are about 1.57 billion Muslims in the world, according to the report, "Mapping the Global Muslim Population," by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life.
"Le Noise" is also the most intimate and natural-sounding album Young has made in a long time: just a songwriter making his way through a vividly rendered chaos of memoir, affection and fear.
"Le Noise" is, ultimately, an extreme simplicity: the sound of a man who won't give up.
Two U.S. senators said most of the bogus parts originate in China, according to an investigation by their staff.
The title, "Black Diamond" refers to France's highly-prized truffles of the same name.
"Right to work" is the commonly used term for laws that make it illegal to require that employees join a union or pay the equivalent of union dues to get or keep a job.
Currently, 23 states, most of them in the South and West, have right-to-work laws.
Brooks and Murdoch had been close for many years: before her downfall Rupert Murdoch was said to have treated Brooks like a daughter.
Do you know a hero?
(CNN) -- Threats by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula against targets in Yemen prompted the closure of the U.S. and British embassies there Sunday, officials said.
Growth in advanced economies should "strengthen gradually" from the middle of this year through to 2014, the report found.
Greece, the first country to receive a European Union bailout more than three years ago, is now in its sixth year of recession.
Right on schedule, singer Lauryn Hill reported to federal prison on Monday to begin a three-month sentence for failing to pay federal income taxes.
Key religious conservatives have publicly complained of Ahmadinejad's treatment of the protesters in rallies demanding a new vote.
Free hiking permits allow visitors to wander the island at will.
"We gave her away.
Christos Salis and Eleftheria Dimopoulo, the Greek Roma couple who raised Maria from a few months old, are still in custody charged with kidnapping.
Spaniards have dubbed the project "EuroVegas" and news media have focused almost daily headlines on the fierce competition between Madrid, the nation's capital, and Barcelona, the second-largest city, to win the project.
Marijuana also helps pain patients fall asleep more easily and sleep more soundly, according to the report, one of the first real-world studies to look at the medicinal use of smoked marijuana.
(CNN) -- Switzerland defender Philippe Senderos is in talks to leave Arsenal and join English Premier League rivals Everton, according to the Liverpool-based side.
Two destroyers with about 400 personnel and eight coast guard officers will be aboard the ships, whose escort mission will start in early April after about three weeks of sailing toward Somalia, according to the news agency.
The decision to send Gen.
Sources tell CNN that Brown was born in the United States and has family in New Jersey.
The Obama administration continues to dismiss the notion of a new Cold War with Russia.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Naomi A.
Dallas (CNN) -- The U.S.
Misty Upham, 32, was last seen October 5 walking from her sister's apartment in Muckleshoot, Washington, according to a statement sent to media outlets by her father, Charles Upham.
But the United States calls Iran the world's top state sponsor of terrorism because of its support of the Lebanese Shiite Muslim militia Hezbollah and other militant groups.
Many community colleges have cut or frozen tuition for laid-off workers, established scholarship programs or offered financial assistance to pay for textbooks and transportation costs.
For those who visit nearby nations, though, Paraguay's subtropical forests, broad rivers and unusual history can make it an intriguing detour.
"It's just dumb," Gov.
He must also submit his DNA to the state database, said Joan Vollero, a representative for the Manhattan district attorney.
At stake in the quarantine debate is the fight against Ebola itself, advocates say.
An American staff sergeant -- a sniper section leader -- used a Quran for target practice in Iraq earlier this month.
"No positive spin is possible.
(CNN) -- Sen.
In the story, Lord Raiden sends a message back in time to himself to prevent Shao Kahn's ultimate victory (the story told in "Mortal Kombat: Armageddon").
A loaf of bread in Zimbabwe now costs about 300 billion Zimbabwean dollars -- and like most commodities, the price increases every day.
Almost a year has passed since the Tiger Woods' car accident outside his Florida home that spiraled into a sex scandal that dominated headlines, ended his marriage and caused him to take a break from golf.
A $1 million reward has been offered for information leading to the recovery of the art.
The White House is grappling with troop numbers for 2013 and with the nature and scope of any U.S.
Galvao has consistently denied illegally obtaining land and being involved in Stang's murder.
Beyond that, every device manufacturer will be thinking outside of the "rectangular slab form-factor" box in an attempt to create the next big consumer trend.
China said on November 15 that it would close its labor camps after earlier putting the policy under review, with the move hailed as the biggest change to China's criminal justice system in decades.
That phrase is from a new -- that's right, new -- Dr.
They also claim to have spotted about three similar living creatures -- and showed reporters video stills of what they say is one of those creatures shadowing them through the woods.
Nine people, including two policemen, were reported killed in the violence Tuesday.
There was no immediate reaction to the court's injunction from the state's governor or the law's legislative supporters.
(CNN) -- The Marine accused of killing Lance Cpl.
Southern right whales migrate along southern Australia from June to October.
The shooter, Jaylen Fryberg, took his own life, in the school cafeteria.
KANSAS CITY, Kansas (CNN) -- Army Spc.
(CNN) -- A military judge dismissed the jury Monday in Army Brig.
Fatmire "Lira" Bajramaj won the corner kick which clinched Germany's World Cup title in China in 2007, and the 22-year-old is hoping to shine again when Germany hosts the FIFA Women's World Cup in June and July this year.
In May, Tibetan representatives will meet to discuss the Dalai Lama's proposal of political retirement.
In late May, a CNN/Opinion Research Corp.
The state of New Jersey is taking over administration of the troubled public schools in the city of Camden, Gov.
If nowhere near as scary as the original "Paranormal," the result is superior to many of the low-budget terror flicks that have arrived since (yes, "The Devil Inside," we're talking about you) and benefits hugely from Dimitri Diatchenko's performance as moviedom's Worst.
"It's like I have nothing to accomplish.
SEDONA, Arizona (CNN) -- Instead of appealing for votes on the campaign trail, Sen.
Authorities arrested a woman in June 2008 in central Mexico on charges that she had killed another woman for similar reasons, La Voz de Michoacan newspaper said.
It's not the first time sports people have tried to improve their chances of winning, but is deliberately trying to lose a match smart tactics or disguised cheating?
"Many of these Liberians have become important parts of the communities where they live in the United States," said Sen.
Scouts renewed their promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Gunmen abducted an American development expert early Saturday, pistol-whipping him and his driver, and tying up his guards after getting past security by posing as neighbors offering food, U.S.
Washington (CNN) -- Years of budget cuts have made two key U.S. agencies' efforts to contain the threat of Ebola harder than it should be, Rep.
There's something for everyone this holiday season from Rudolph to Justin Bieber.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Pentagon said Monday that Chinese ships harassed a U.S.
"If you don't remember anything else I say in the next five or 10 minutes, remember this -- suicidal behavior in the 101st on Fort Campbell is bad," Brig.
The case stems from a lawsuit filed by Tab Bonidy, a resident of rural Avon, Colorado, who was prohibited by U.S.
The blast occurred in Azare town in Bauchi state on Wednesday night.
She beat the Republican challenger, David Freed, by almost 15 points, and the overwhelming support makes her the first woman and the first Democrat elected to the job in Pennsylvania.
The MV Andinet, part of the Ethiopian Shipping Line, was approached by two pirate skiffs Monday, with one of them coming close enough to fire automatic weapons in an attempt to force the ship to stop, the task force said in a statement.
In Washington, Sen.
In Washington, Sen.
But the album is far less defiant than its title suggests, with just as many lovely moments by the piano (''Stay'') as there are dubstep-warped bangers (check out the massive club rave-up ''Jump,'' which nods to Ginuwine's equestrian-love classic ''Pony'').
More than half of all U.S.
"My eye!
New Hampshire resident Nathaniel E.
Republican Gov.
The yen went up to the post-war high of 75.32 per dollar early Monday.
The government is worried that a strengthened yen will impact its economy, which relies heavily on exports.
In 2009, New Delhi's high court decriminalized same-sex relationships in a landmark ruling that sparked religious outcry in conservative India.
But despite his popularity at home, he is facing charges of crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Court over the 2007 post-election violence in Kenya, putting the West in a dilemma in its fight for human rights in the continent.
Sata took office in September 2011 after the incumbent president tearfully conceded in a televised speech, a rarity in a continent known for volatile elections and leaders fighting their defeat tooth-and-nail.
(CNN) -- On Sunday, November 2, it will again be the end of Daylight Saving Time.
Champions AC Milan can join Udinese on 24 points with a home victory against Chievo on Sunday.
The condition caused what is known as neurocardiogenic syncope, a loss of consciousness often caused by decreased blood to the brain.
"So far, all areas that had Internet service before Thursday are connected," said Alexia Jade, a spokeswoman for the opposition Damascus Media Office.
(CNN) -- Real Madrid had goalkeeper Iker Casillas sent off in the second minute but battled to a 1-0 win at Espanyol Sunday to cut Barcelona's lead at the top of Spain's La Liga to five points.
(CNN) -- Real Madrid had goalkeeper Iker Casillas sent off in the second minute but battled to a 1-0 win at Espanyol Sunday to cut Barcelona's lead at the top of Spain's La Liga to five points.
The Green Revolution device snaps on to the front of all major brands of indoor cycling equipment.
They have criticized the handling of the long-running border dispute with Cambodia that has led to deadly clashes recently.
They demanded the resignation of Tuo Zhen, the Communist Party propaganda chief in the southern province of Guangdong, amid claims that an editorial calling for political reform was re-written as a tribute to Communist Party rule.
Bing Deals arrived Thursday on desktop PCs and smartphones (where it's possibly most useful) via Bing's dedicated, simpler, mobile site m.bing.com.
Quantitative easing was last introduced in a major economy in Japan from 2001 until 2006.
Lawyers for Capt.
Lorenzo's American teammate Ben Spies will lead the second row on Sunday after qualifying fourth ahead of Honda's Dani Pedrosa and Italy's Andrea Dovizisio.
Two lawsuits say the national chapter of the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity allowed a culture of "violent misogyny" after an internal email from the Georgia Tech chapter leaked last year instructing fraternity members on how to lure "rapebait."
Similar celebrations are planned for Christchurch and Wellington on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Greece, which is facing its fifth year of recession, will go to a second election June 17 after its May 6 voting left no single party with more than 20% support and negotiations to create a unity government failed.
Tampa, Florida (CNN) -- Sitting on a corner of her brown sofa in a modest rental apartment, Miss M.
The fly-by "put the lives of the U.S.
Hampton city police said they had the shooter in custody.
Storm appears to have led a life of many parts -- committed jihadist, family man and outdoor sports enthusiast.
I'm going to need to have the cops onboard," a flight crew member told the tower in a conversation posted on LiveATC.net, a website that monitors air traffic control conversations.
Shin, 30, is the only man known to have been born and to escape from a North Korean prison known as Camp 14.
Chapman, 57, is serving a sentence of 20 years to life in prison and is being held at the Wende Correctional Facility in Alden.
Instead of tying a bow, use cord to attach an ornament or dreidel; pin a brooch or faux flower onto ribbon; top children's gifts with chocolate coins or a glued-on toy.
The U.S. didn't recover -- and some would say it didn't recover from the defeat to Canada.
(Business Insider) -- Apple's iPad tablet isn't just for geeks, yuppies, and rich people.
(CNET) -- Facebook stopped a phishing attack on Thursday, its second day in a row of dealing with a worm on the site that lures people to a fake Facebook page and prompts them to log in.
The report concluded the program was built on a "factually flawed" legal analysis inappropriately provided by a single Justice Department official, John Yoo, in 2001.
Command Sgt.
(CNN) -- At an early age, Marvin L.
Bergdahl was captured after he finished his guard shift at a combat outpost in southeastern Paktika province in Afghanistan.
Former world No.
Michael Enright, 24, pleaded guilty two weeks ago to attempted murder in the second degree as a hate crime and assault in the first degree as a hate crime, the New York Supreme Court clerk's office said.
Tucson, Arizona (CNN) -- Rep.
The violence comes amid peace talks between the government and the FARC.
Drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels, officials say.
Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock.
It was March 11, 2004, during morning rush hour, that terrorists armed with powerful bombs boarded these same commuter train lines, unleashing an onslaught that killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 others.
The explosives were left on the Spanish trains in sports bags and backpacks -- sometimes placed under seats -- court documents say.
The best lodges offer gourmet food, personalized service and rustic yet often elegant interiors.
I was sitting with the first lady and Jay Leno at the head table for Saturday night's White House Correspondents Association Dinner because I'm a member of the association's board, a front-row seat to the slew of celebrities who walked up to gawk at Mrs.
Watch Clinton acknowledge the U.S. role in Mexico's drug war »
New York (CNN) -- In the wake of the failed Christmas Day bombing of Northwest Flight 253, authorities are ramping up air passenger screening, particularly for those flying from 14 nations that the U.S.
From a nuts and bolts standpoint, "The X Factor" looks kind of like "American Idol," except with Pepsi cups on the table.
Should it be legal for an undocumented immigrant to practice law?
On May 9, Ward says, Sabbath asked him to play this Saturday's gig for free without any guarantee that he'd get to perform at the other shows, which he ultimately turned down.
"You and I" -- Gaga's signature power ballad -- a fan favorite since she first played it live in 2009 -- gets the treatment it merits.
Editor's note: Rep.
The Pakistani army is conducting an intense operation to rout militants from their haven along the country's border with Afghanistan.
The Iranian minister, Ahmad Vahidi, is wanted in Argentina for his alleged role in planning the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994 that killed 85 people.
DeJonge knows of only 10 living veterans worldwide who fought during World War I.
Gooden was arrested after the two-vehicle crash about 8:50 a.m.
Nigel Fisher, the deputy special representative for the stabilization mission in Haiti, told the U.N.
This isn't necessarily a bad thing given that consumer spending makes up more than two-thirds of the U.S. economy.
"Maybe this will wake up and shake up people," the Rev.
(CNN) -- Holders Inter Milan are through to the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup, defeating Genoa 2-1 at the San Siro despite coach Claudio Ranieri resting a host of key players.
(CNN) -- It's been almost 15 years since "The Baby-Sitters Club" held its last meeting, when author Ann M.
Soldiers at the base have set up tents, beds and toilets, awaiting possible orders from the secretary of defense to proceed, according to Maj.
Even "Star Wars" creator George Lucas has his own research library on his Skywalker Ranch.
Alia Muhammad Baker, the chief librarian of Basra, Iraq, removed 30,000 books from the city's main library before it was destroyed during the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
(CNN) -- Many expected Xi Jinping to focus on internal politics in his first year in office and not make major external moves, but in fact China is busy designing and implementing a bolder foreign policy in light of an anticipated U.S.
Occupy DC is part of a larger activist movement that began last year in New York and quickly spread across the country.
Korean films, soap operas and "K-Pop" music idols, many of which were modelled on Japan's own sugary "J-Pop", have taken Asia by storm over the past decade.
Cultural exports -- including films, comics and computer games -- hit a record $4.2bn last year, up from $2.6bn in 2009, causing the share prices of leading entertainment studios to soar.
(CNN) -- Tropical Storm Andrea formed in the Gulf of Mexico on Wednesday, marking the first storm of the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season.
Promoted Hoffenheim went top of the table with a flurry of late goals to seal a 5-2 victory at 10-man Hanover which put them level with Hamburg but leading the table on goal difference.
At least 14 people have filed legal documents indicating they are planning to sue the University of Colorado Denver and Dr.
The report comes out nearly two weeks after another plane crash that killed dozens of Russian and international hockey players in Yaroslavl, Russia.
Water from the Pearl River is also used directly in the building's cooling systems.
The South Asian neighbors have fought three wars, two of them over the Himalayan territory of Kashmir, since the 1947 partition of the subcontinent into Islamic Pakistan and Hindu-majority, secular India after independence from Britain.
But a U.S.
In May, Iran said it tested a surface-to-surface missile that is capable of reaching parts of Europe.
Returning to his roots, Vesely self-produced and recorded three new tracks for this latest album in his bedroom with his drummer Tom Breyfogle.
Madrid, Spain (CNN) -- A Spanish court Wednesday convicted five men accused of Islamic terrorist activities that included aiding fugitives from the Madrid train bombings of 2004 and planning other attacks.
They both entered "not guilty" pleas in August to the original 39 counts, including conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, bank fraud, making false statements on loan applications, and bankruptcy fraud.
That's because members of Congress are gearing up to reform the U.S. health care system, and unlike in 1993 when then-first lady Hillary Clinton tried her hand at changing the medical system, this time the important players -- doctors, insurance companies, pharmaceutical manufacturers -- seem to be on board.
During his career he beat such legendary boxers as Roberto Duran and Sugar Ray Leonard and he held several championships.
"People think I am a hero, but I am not.
World No.
Madrid (CNN) -- Spanish police have arrested 750 people after a nationwide investigation into fake businesses, according to a statement Wednesday.
Beastie Boys were already old-school back when they were young-school, hyping an early-Eighties hip-hop revival on "Paul's Boutique" before the Eighties were even over.
Anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed June 12 presidential vote, which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi.
Somalia "challenges the rules of statehood," Mark Bowden, U.N. humanitarian and resident coordinator for Somalia, said.
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- Health and Human Services' acting secretary has appointed Dr.
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- Health and Human Services' acting secretary has appointed Dr.
Nevertheless, "Breaking Dawn -- Part 1" is still trailing the past two Twilight movies.
Disney's "The Muppets" was the runner-up, plunging a sharp 62 percent -- more than any other wide release -- for a weekend tally of $11.2 million.
Martin Scorsese's "Hugo," a 3-D love letter to silent cinema, slipped 33 percent for $7.6 million.
(CNN) -- World No.
Last year's Stockholm champion Marcos Baghdatis reached the final of the Kremlin Cup on Saturday with a 6-4 6-7 (5-7) 7-6 (7-2) win over Uzbekistan's Denis Istomin.
(CNN) -- World No.
James Brennan, who is accused of the attempted rape of a 14-year-old, and Monsignor William Lynn, who is accused of knowingly allowing dangerous priests to continue in the ministry in roles in which they had access to children.
The West has the highest percentage of users with 94%.
(CNN) -- U.S.
The postponement of the trip comes amid tensions between New Delhi and Washington over the treatment of an Indian diplomat who was arrested in New York last month on charges of fraud and making false statements on a visa application for her former housekeeper.
Authorities accused them of forming a terrorist cell that was ready to attack, the Spanish Interior Ministry said in a statement.
Britain has lost more than 200 service personnel in the country since the start of fighting in 2001.
When it comes to safety and effectiveness, the main concern with hand sanitizers is triclosan, which is the main antibacterial ingredient in nonalcoholic hand sanitizers.
The Hong Kong government welcomes young mainlanders with professional skills with open arms.
As media, U.S.
Do you know a hero?
Some sources face at worst potential embarrassment by being identified as sources, and many of the cables are marked as "confidential" rather than "secret."
"Anchorman 2" dutifully (sometimes hilariously) serves up those jokes even though we already know the punch lines.
Two fires that broke out Monday had not been ruled arson as of Wednesday, but are considered suspicious, he said.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Around 1.2 million children are believed to be involved in prostitution in India, the country's federal police said Monday.
Authorities believe 90 percent of human trafficking in India is "intra-country."
Bank of America said it does not talk about individual cases but calls the allegations by the former employees "incorrect."
The United States previously maintained a full arms embargo on the country, which started during the Vietnam War nearly 40 years ago.
Ritz-Carlton recently launched Give Back Getaways (givebackgetaways.com), a program that invites guests at 62 properties to help with projects ranging from research at Dubai's Hutta Dam to river cleanups.
Tabata Protocol is a scientifically proven method to boost endurance in only about 25 minutes or so.
"A child born today will grow up with no conception of privacy at all."
Buddhist nuns and monks have been carrying out ritual self-immolation.
The caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold.
The Tal Afar bombings occurred a day after attacks on mainly Shiite targets in Nineveh province, including a car bomb in a Turkmen area of the provincial capital Mosul, left at least 19 people dead and dozens wounded.
New franchise Sahara Pune Warriors matched that sum with the signing of another Indian star, Robin Uthappa, while Mumbai Indians put up $2 million for Rohit Sharma.
Former detainees and the family of a slain Iraqi contend at least 20 people were killed and others were abused at Camp Abu Naji after a fight between British soldiers and Iraqi insurgents.
(CNN) -- Army troops and rebels clashed on Wednesday in the violence-ridden eastern part of Congo, threatening to undermine an already fragile stability.
Capt.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
A Tibetan demonstrator who set himself ablaze in protest against Beijing died of his injuries Wednesday, officials at New Delhi's Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital said.
Susan Sarandon and her daughter Eva Amurri have no shortage of talent or style.
As a Studio 54 fixture and '70s glamazon, Bianca Jagger set more than a few trends, much like her jewelry designing daughter Jade does now.
In China, sports fans and commentators are quick to claim Lin, an American born to Taiwan immigrants with roots in mainland China.
For decades, Chinese basketball has been geared to finding super tall Chinese who could be trained early to compete with the world's best.
Do you know a hero?
And now V.
A U.S.
Fighting between government forces and Islamist militias has triggered the flight of more than 67,000 Somalis in and around Mogadishu since May 8, the U.N.
Most of them are heading to the Afgooye corridor, a 30-kilometer (19-mile) stretch of ramshackle housing described by the United Nations' World Food Program as "a nightmare."
Microsoft's goal is to sell 100 million units at around $299 each in 2013.
In a posting on the Israel Defense Forces website, the chief of the general staff said Israel has "a natural right to inspect and to prevent the flow of weapons into the Gaza Strip."
ZipRealty completed its initial public offering on November 10, 2004.
Jamie Croom, 31, was wounded in a shootout with Deputy U.S.
Trump claims he was misled by Salmond over the American's $1 billion project and has threatened to sue the Scottish government if the wind farm development is not abandoned.
On Monday, a Georgia state trooper was fatally shot after a traffic stop in northwest Atlanta.
The family did not release any details about who would deliver the eulogy or how many people have been invited.
(CNN) -- Dr.
The missing woman and the suspect arrived on the island July 31 from the United States, according to Aruban prosecutors.
Beijing, China (CNN) -- Huang Guangyu, once China's richest man, was sentenced Tuesday to 14 years in prison, state media reported.
Huang -- the head of Gome, one of China's leading retail chains -- was charged with stock-market manipulation, insider trading and bribery.
Jenny McCarthy is joining ABC's "The View" -- one of the most visible morning TV shows in America.
(CNN) -- Peruvian soccer star Paolo Guerrero has been punished with a record fine by his German club Hamburg for throwing a water bottle into the face of a fan who he claimed had insulted him.
Previous missions to Mars have found definitive signs that water once flowed in a crater and rock samples that show signs of clay minerals.
(CNN) -- A Colorado convict serving time for attempted murder was recaptured Wednesday after breaking out of prison over the weekend, and a female hostage with him was released unharmed, prison officials said.
In the wake of "Paranormal Activity," Freddy's grandstanding theatrics seem pretty old hat.
Florida Gov.
A judge issued a default judgment in Oberst's favor earlier this month.
• Speaking of Lawrence, Patrick St.
• Mickey Rourke is negotiating to star opposite Gerard Butler in "Motor City", a drama about a man seeking retribution against the person whose double cross landed him in jail.
Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard.
(CNN) -- Janine Benyus is a pioneer and champion of the Biomimicry movement and author of the influential 1997 book "Biomimicry: Innovation Inspired by Nature".
Benyus draws her design inspiration from nature's wisdom and believes that we can use nature's best ideas and processes to solve human problems.
"I stopped going to school when the shelling started.
Reps for OutKast did not immediately respond to Rolling Stone for comment.
U.N.
An Army combat engineer from Ohio, Army Staff Sgt.
Gusts of 60 to 70 mph are forecast in southern parts of England and Wales, with bursts of 80 mph or more in some places.
In a statement she released Tuesday, Myunghee Bae said she was able to visit her son three times and was relieved to see his health was improving.
Mustafa Tamimi, 28, was among dozens of protesters who gathered in the West Bank village of Nabi Saleh on Friday for a weekly protest against the encroachment of a nearby Israeli settlement.
(CNN) -- Dr.
CDC's Chief Operating Officer William H.
EW confirms a report that Arquette is set to guest star on "Cougar Town's" season 3 finale as a concierge who crosses paths with Jules (Cox) and [spoiler alert] her bridal party.
- Bobby (Brian Van Holt) finds a girlfriend in "Scrubs'" Sarah Chalke.
According to Murray, the treatment has already been given to a number of patients and "repeat infusions" of the drug have been well tolerated.
A much deadlier 7.2 magnitude quake that tore through Van last month left 604 people dead, officials said.
No U.S.
The U.S.
The European Commission says Intel has been abusing its dominant market position in semiconductors for years.
After the perfection of synthetic rubber in 1945, Ford sold the plantation at a $20 million loss and left Brazil.
Offering less audio/visual content, but still full of business school information, MIT's Open Course Ware site gives free access to almost all MIT course content, including extensive lecture notes, assignments and exams from MIT's Sloan School of Management.
They are believed to be 60 million to 80 million years old, made of sand pushed inland over the eons from the coast by Atlantic Ocean winds that sweep onshore 80 kilometers to the west.
PEPFAR has invested $3.7 billion in supporting South Africa's HIV/AIDS efforts.
The banks included Bank of America, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, as well as Europe's Barclays, Societe Generale and BNP Paribas.
Last month, Standard & Poor's downgraded the credit ratings of 15 banks.
Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana.
Sky News said airing the appeal would compromise its reputation for fairness.
As a result, residents of 32 homes were evacuated as a recovery company made another attempt to stabilize the crane.
Sgt.
(CNN) -- David Beckham has promised he will do everything in his power to help England win the bid to stage the 2018 World Cup.
From the care home where she lives in the northern English city of Bradford, near Leeds, Bean updates her more than 27,000 Twitter followers about the ups and downs of her life -- from getting her hair done with her good friend Mabel, to eating fish and chips and watching her favorite game show, "Deal or No Deal," on TV.
SAN FRANCISCO, California (CNN) -- Steroid test results and notes and calendars from his then-trainer are among the evidence federal prosecutors have amassed in their perjury case against baseball home-run king Barry Bonds, according to documents unsealed Wednesday.
At least 51 British Airways flights leaving Heathrow Sunday were listed as canceled on the airport's Web site, and at least 79 arrivals were listed as canceled, as of 10:30 local time (5:30 a.m.
In all, 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal, Xinhua reported.
Ferenci was Monday sentenced to 12 weeks' jail after admitted two counts of dangerous driving at Oxford Crown Court.
Obama has successfully placed 72 women in the federal courts, the most ever in a single presidential term.
America's Nicky Hayden was third fastest on his Ducati while England's Cal Crutchlow recovered from a spectacular crash to finish fourth.
(CNN) -- Superstorm Sandy has been the year's second most-talked-about topic on Facebook, after the Super Bowl, according to data provided to CNN by the social network.
As of 10 a.m.
The U.N.
The U.N. human rights office said Friday that its investigators found more than 100 bodies over 24 hours in three Côte d'Ivoire towns.
"Do I need a makeover?
World No.
Do you know a hero?
Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN) -- A Haitian attorney representing 10 Americans charged with kidnapping for trying to take 33 children out of Haiti told CNN Sunday he has resigned.
It was a fixture in the emergency department waiting room of St.
About 50 cases in the District Attorney's Criminal Investigation Unit handled by Scarcella came under review after Ranta's second-degree murder conviction was tossed out.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had called for the dissolution as he sacked two senior members of his coalition Cabinet for criticizing government policy.
Hughes, 47, was unmarried with no children of his own and had until recently been a marine biologist at the University of Alaska Fairbanks.
The acquisition will expand AT&T's 4G network 1.2 million square miles and will be accessible to an additional 46.5 million Americans, the statement said.
Authorities said Rashad Charjuan Owens drove into people and vehicles at the festival while he was intoxicated early Thursday.
Besides the first two people who died, 23 people were initially hospitalized, some with multiple internal injuries.
$150,000: Amount for which retiring Rep.
The arrests come months after five members of the group, known as the Church of Almighty God or "Quannengshen", were charged with the brutal killing in May of a woman in a McDonald's restaurant while they were allegedly trying to recruit her.
Prosecutors Monday confirmed to the court that authorities had reason to believe there was a threat of an attack but did not elaborate, said Christophe Marchand, the attorney for one of the defendants.
The child's title will be His Royal Highness Prince (the baby's name) of Cambridge.
Turnout is expected to be high among the country's 3 million registered voters.
Dodgers officials said they had expected as many as 10,000 applicants to show up during the weekend, based on similar job fairs held by other teams across the country as unemployment climbs and economic conditions worsen for many people.
The latest bout of smog in Beijing and Shanghai has led to the cancellation or delay of hundreds of flights, stranding passengers and creating chaos at airports.
Fifty-two percent of the respondents felt that the country was moving in the right direction, compared to 46% in 2011.
Rowland and 22-year-old Kenyan John Ngugi took the test together in a tiny counseling room at the testing center at this public hospital.
Murrysville, with a population of about 20,000, is a quiet middle-class enclave roughly 20 miles east of Pittsburgh on U.S.
Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan, Mexico.
"I come from a very humble family and what I would call a typical migrant farm working family," Hernandez said in a NASA interview.
All the action takes place in the third-person point of view, so the field of battle is easily kept in sight at all times.
Hand-to-hand weapons can be knives, swords, axes and hammers while long-distance weapons start with pistols and go all the way to cannons.
Washington (CNN) -- "Excited" after a meeting Thursday with Mitt Romney, tea party favorite Sen.
U.S. efforts to free Bergdahl, including negotiating for his release, have so far failed.
"We continually see St.
Lt.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- After months of delays the trial of the lone surviving suspect in the Mumbai terror attacks finally got underway Friday.
• 19% (especially younger phone owners) have turned off their phone's location-tracking feature due to concerns that companies or other people might access that information.
Malaysia Airlines said Monday that initial financial assistance has been given out to all passengers' families "over and above their basic needs."
Staff Sgt.
"F.A.M.E." (out March 22) shines brighter than anything he produced before that now-infamous incident.
The uncertainty of love is a recurring theme on the album: On the thumping midtempo cut ''Next to You,'' Brown and guest Justin Bieber trade verses assuring their ladies of their dedication.
Rocker Steven Tyler and singer Jennifer Lopez left the show at the end of last season, after judging for two seasons.
U.S.
Tony Fernandes, CEO of Air Asia, spoke to CNN's Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom.
Kinde Durkee, whose Durkee & Associates firm is based in Burbank, California, has been charged with two counts of mail fraud regarding the alleged misappropriation of $677,181 in campaign funds belonging to California Assemblyman Jose Solorio, a Democrat whose office is based in Anaheim, authorities said.
Making an app will cost you, at the very minimum, around $10,000.
Consider also producing an embeddable YouTube or Vimeo ad of some sort.
Relief agencies are worried about outbreaks of disease and infections in the storm's wake.
C.J.
"Well, you know the SOTU attracts the most powerful people in the world, and I think Samantha can teach them a lesson in perseverance," New York Rep.
Al-Yemeni is thought to have played a key role in the December 30 suicide attack on a U.S. base in southeastern Afghanistan's Khost province, the official said.
Seven CIA employees and contractors were killed in the attack, the greatest loss of life for the agency since the 1983 bombing of the U.S.
Paul Chambers was originally fined Â£385 ($603) and ordered to pay thousands in court costs after being found guilty in 2010 of sending a "menacing tweet" that read: "Crap!
Throughout the year, CNN's reporters have been filing harrowing reports on the impact of the war on Syria's children.
(CNN) -- Manager Jose Mourinho was sent off as Italian leaders Inter Milan crashed to a 2-1 defeat at title hopefuls Juventus on Saturday night.
Tomorrowland already has 4 million social media followers and over 80 million people watched the after-movie of the concert online.
Even an Obama ally like Democratic Sen.
Radical design is featuring more and more in Japan's residential landscape and is a hit among the country's young generation.
For the first time since 1988, the U.S. and France are holding presidential elections in the same year.
Millions of people across the country watched the saga on television for nearly two hours as military aircraft tracked the balloon in the air and rescuers chased it below.
Yet stigma can make pilots fear job loss and thus hide diagnoses and not seek treatment.
The FAA could require that pilots seek treatment in order to fly, but some pilots may still simply cover up problems.
"I don't think the American people will accept him surviving and us leaving.
Campbell was released from prison in late April after convictions in Oklahoma City for attempted robbery, attempted kidnapping and robbery, and robbery with a dangerous weapon, Jordan said.
Patz disappeared on his way to a New York school bus stop more than 33 years ago.
Michael Schumacher?
(CNN) -- Steven Gerrard returned to Liverpool's starting line-up but he was only able to help the English Premier League side claim a point as they were held to a goalless draw by Wolves on Tuesday.
Liverpool are now unbeaten in five Premier League clashes but are three points behind fourth-placed Tottenham Hotspur, who eased to a 2-0 victory over Fulham at White Hart Lane, in the race for the Champions League places.
Elsewhere, Bolton manager Owen Coyle was given a hostile reception at former club Burnley but came away with a 1-0 win thanks to Chung-Yong Lee's 35th minute strike which rattled in off the underside of the crossbar.
The country is set to hold parliamentary elections in September, filling seats vacated by members of Al Wefaq, which left parliament in protest over the crackdown.
(CNN)Recently, Nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals.
The new world No.
As Wired mentioned on Wednesday, FedEx is starting to think about an airfleet of linked-up drones that can fly in formation at the direction of a piloted aircraft.
(CNN) -- Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas are taking a break from their marriage.
"I could have turned everything into a crime scene like O.J., cutting everybody's throat," Hogan said in the interview for a feature that will run in Friday's edition of the magazine.
Washington (CNN) -- Rep.
But Sen.
Washington (CNN) -- The House of Representatives voted unanimously Thursday to impeach Judge G.
Rep.
(CNN) -- Canadian skier Nik Zoricic died of head injuries sustained from a crash while racing Saturday at a World Cup Ski Cross event in Grindelwald, Switzerland.
Former paratrooper Thongchai Jaidee leads the field by three shots following a round of seven-under 65.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Protesters threw bricks and bottles Friday at police outside a mosque in London after about 1,000 people showed up to counter a planned a right-wing demonstration there, police said.
Makhasi dedicated 18 years of his life to dangerous work underground for Gold Fields.
The isolated nuclear regime, which has denied involvement in the Sony hack, was already subject to a strict set of U.S. economic restrictions.
The move comes ahead of this month's G20 summit in Seoul, which will see top officials from the world's economic powers coming to South Korea.
With the price of gold near historic highs, the find could be worth as much as $300 million on the market, Conroy told CNN.
The theme of the weekend conference was: "Honoring the Legacy, Raising the Standard."
Mwanawasa fell ill in late June at an African Union summit in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt, Zambian officials said at the time.
"I rate this as No.
The notes were released last week by the William J.
"Abandoned babies are reported, but because of the stigma attached to it, there is no detailed report, because the women don't come forward," said Dr Naqib Safi of the U.N.
The former "3rd Rock from the Sun" star is set to host a variety show based on his collaborative site, hitReCord, for Participant Media's newly announced cable network, pivot.
32: Visits by U.S.
"The Social Network" This is the long-awaited tale of how Harvard undergrad and computer programming mastermind Mark Zuckerberg started Facebook and became the youngest billionaire in history.
In a series of small ceremonies, the U.S.
Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed blamed the Islamist rebel group Al-Shabaab for the attack and displayed what he said was the body of the bomber for reporters, a local journalist who attended the news conference told CNN.
About one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has HIV, Schwartlander said.
The two sides held meetings in 2011 and 2012 that included the topic of Bergdahl's release, with sporadic discussions since then.
"People are aware of the truth behind the coup," Morsy said.
The incident started just before 5 p.m.
What is desperately needed now in state government is the principled leadership of elected leaders.
The Germans are the top scorers in this year's tournament, having racked up 13 goals in five games after putting four past Australia, England and Argentina.
"Clinton just wants to help," a source close to the former president said.
(Wired.com) -- In an abrupt about-face in its mobile software strategy, Adobe will soon cease developing its Flash Player plug-in for mobile browsers, according to an e-mail sent to Adobe partners on Tuesday evening.
And with that e-mail flash, Adobe has signaled that it knows, as Steve Jobs predicted, the end of the Flash era on the web is coming soon.
The drastic reversal in Adobe's mobile plans comes in the wake of the company cutting 750 jobs on Tuesday, a move prompted by what Adobe labeled "corporate restructuring."
John F.
Oracle Racing says one crewman suffered minor rib injuries and was taken to the hospital as a precautionary measure.
Texas Republican Gov.
Rep.
Sgt.
He spent nine months in intensive care and underwent more than 100 operations.
About 125,000 U.S.
According to a January Display Search report, just more than 23 million 3-D TVs were shipped in 2011 worldwide, with only 3.6 million shipped in the U.S.
Display Search analyst Paul Gagnon says that U.S. household penetration for 3-D TVs is at about 3%.
(CNN) -- Petra Kvitova produced another scintillating showing to book her place in the final of the Dubai Open Friday.
The World No.8 defeated Caroline Wozniacki 6-3 6-4 to set up a clash for the title against Italy's Sara Errani.
(CNN) -- Jennifer L.
Each day, tens of thousands of visitors pour through the Forbidden City to see the 178-acre walled compound that once shielded the Imperial Palace from public view -- while housing Chinese emperors and their extensive entourages.
The largest and most famous museum in the world -- displaying masterpieces like La Gioconda (the Mona Lisa) and the Winged Victory of Samothrace -- got its start as a palace.
"I gave birth chained.
Almost all the chemicals in Molly and other synthetic drugs come from laboratories in China.
Larger screens appeal to the increasing number of people who use their phones to watch video and play graphics-rich games.
According to the California State Assembly Web site, Duvall served two terms as an assemblyman, beginning in 2006.
Consumers are urged to contact the bike company to schedule a free repair.
Firefighters have begun collecting donations for the "The Sandy Ground Project," with 26 playgrounds to be built in communities recovering from the storm -- one for each victim gunned down on December 14 at the elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut.
Firefighters have begun collecting donations for the "The Sandy Ground Project," with 26 playgrounds to be built in communities recovering from the storm -- one for each victim gunned down on December 14 at the elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut.
The train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it "China's 9/11."
Kentucky (CNN) -- Michael Matz has spent a lifetime working with horses -- first as a member of the U.S. showjumping team that won the silver medal at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics, and more recently as a trainer of racehorses.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- California Gov.
(CNN) -- Gilles Frydman wasn't ready to see his friend Dr.
Many musicians are embracing the idea of giving fans pristine recordings, often at a premium price.
Estimates say that 1 in 30 Argentines has gone under the knife, making surgeons here some of the most experienced on the globe.
(CNN) -- New Jersey Republican Gov.
(CNN) -- New Jersey Republican Gov.
Zea is set to be arraigned Friday afternoon before U.S.
(InStyle.com) -- One year after his untimely death, it's clear that Michael Jackson's legacy lives on.
Williams was last seen alive at his home, where he lives with his wife, at about 10 p.m.
"Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning" is available for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC.
Substitute Ahmed al-Muhamadi was red-carded after handling on the goalline in a desperate attempt to deny Brazil -- and Real Madrid's recent $92million signing Kaka rifled home from the spot for his second goal of the game.
Greenpeace, the environmental activist group, claimed responsibility for the stunt.
(CNN) -- Britain says it has suspended the government of the Turks and Caicos Islands and imposed direct rule after allegations of systemic corruption and "serious dishonesty".
John Kiriakou, is scheduled to appear Tuesday morning for a change of plea hearing at U.S.
In response, the Army later this month will field-test two new camouflage color schemes and patterns on about 1,000 soldiers in Afghanistan, where the terrain is extremely varied.
The Army hopes to have the field input and a decision on what pattern is best by the end of January 2010 and the fielding of the new uniform as early as June 2010.
Police tracked his subsequent efforts to acquire the explosive materials through the Internet before arresting him Wednesday.
President Barack Obama may have a phone and pen, but outgoing Gov.
To correct naughty dogs caught in the act, separate them immediately, Jackson says.
We look at how Minnesota's Somali community is benefiting from access to local healthcare.
Alwan came to Germany in 1999 seeking asylum and was picked up by the German intelligence service, which questioned him.
Rather than climb straight up a traditional corporate ladder, think of making strategic, lateral moves - on a corporate lattice - that are advantageous for you and your organization.
The U.S.
Two people were killed in each of three states: Oregon, Utah and Colorado.
The new 30-second spot will run statewide, and is part of a $9.1 million buy the DSCC has launched to protect incumbent Democrat Kay Hagan in one of the key Senate battlegrounds this cycle that could ultimately determine which party holds the majority in the chamber next year.
The recording has since passed and is now in police custody, MacKenzie said.
The Sakirin Mosque was commissioned by a wealthy Turkish Arab family and built in one of Istanbul's oldest cemeteries.
He is accused of fueling a bloody civil war in Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone that led to widespread murder, rapes and mutilation.
The former president has pleaded not guilty to charges that include crimes against humanity and war crimes.
Born Arthel Lane Watson in Stoney Fork Township, near Deep Gap, North Carolina, on March 3, 1923, Watson was blinded from an eye infection as a baby.
The opposition accused Hezbollah fighters from neighboring Lebanon of joining Syrian government troops in the assault on the city, a claim that al-Assad's government has disputed in the past.
Tickets go on sale for most North America dates on Friday, March 13 at 10 a.m.
O'Neal said in a statement released by his team, the Cleveland Cavaliers, that he was touched after seeing Davis' story on CNN sister network HLN's "Nancy Grace" show.
One by one, victims of gun violence told their brief stories and expressed support for a new federal ban being proposed by Sen.
Olsen added: "It speaks volumes to what people will do in a tragic situation to help another person out."
Gen.
"It was shocking, humiliating, it was demeaning," she said.
Nearly 500,000 people are estimated to have been displaced this year in fighting, primarily in the Sunni-dominated Anbar province, the United Nations refugee agency said Friday.
(CNN) -- U.S. officials have recommended immunity for a former Mexican president implicated in a U.S. federal court case over his alleged role in a 1997 massacre.
The trial was scheduled for May 15 but it "must be postponed to accommodate various logistical contingencies," court documents said.
This fall, the Arizona legislature is expected to debate a bill that would deny birth certificates to U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants -- the "anchor babies" that some Republicans have been trying to marginalize for years.
Does Apple owe anything to Uncle Sugar?
Staff of its other publications, the Sun, the Times and the Sunday Times, will move to another east London site already owned by the company at Thomas More Square, the company said.
The call came just before the U.N.
Two United Nations vehicles were damaged, a U.N. official said, but no U.N. staff members were killed or injured.
About 46 million people in the United States (18 percent of those under 65) lacked health insurance in 2007.
The new report is based on a 2007 survey of 3,501 people.
COBRA (Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act) was passed in 1985 to allow laid-off workers to continue their health insurance if they lose their job.
"Republicans are now in a position where they don't want to cave in because it sets a bad precedent that the Senate would be somewhat dictating how the House runs," GOP Rep.
Geronimo was an Apache leader in the late 1800s who is revered by many in the Southwest as a hero, the NCAI said.
A second officer was shot in the hip, but suffered no injuries.
U.S.
U.S.
President Harry Truman, British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Soviet leader Joseph Stalin negotiated the partition of post-war Germany in 1945.
Ebadi heads the Center for Defenders of Human Rights in Iran.
The Rev.
Almost 21 million people have been affected by the flooding, Valerie Amos, the new U.N.
The Afghan government's response to the displacement crisis has also been inadequate, the report says.
While the hockey players get regular line changes, officials only get a real break every 30 minutes.
For these women, most of whom never envisioned having to choose between careers and children, the costs of workplace inflexibility are up close and personal -- diverted dreams and forgone earnings and independence.
The three attacks in Queens were at a bodega, Islamic center and a private house on Sunday night.
Obama was vacationing in Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, when Islamic militants released the gruesome video of James Foley, who was brutally killed as a payback for U.S. airstrikes against the terror group ISIS.
"I've heard it's the world's largest construction site right now, and I can see that," says U.S.
White Sands Missile Range, a testing facility for the U.S.
The plane is made of 53% composite materials helping its fuel efficiency.
In a sombre address on national television Nicolas Sarkozy, president of France, said the gravest crisis Europe has faced since the second world war "is not over" and Angela Merkel, German chancellor, told German voters "next year will no doubt be more difficult than 2011".
The president of Europe's third-largest economy urged Italians to make sacrifices to rescue the country's public finances.
In roughly 30 minutes, Obama waded through hundreds of questions, answering only 10 on a wide range of topics including balancing life and family, and protecting Internet freedom.
The judge has until Sunday evening local time to decide whether to press formal charges against Francisco Jose Garzon, Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz told reporters in Santiago de Compostela.
Fort Hood, Texas (CNN) -- People who knew and studied Maj.
Fire survivor Tripp Wylie, a 20-year-old South Carolina sophomore, said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends.
Six polio vaccination workers were killed in attacks in Pakistan since Monday, the World Health Organization and Pakistani police told CNN Tuesday.
A total of 95 vehicles were involved in 17 "chain-reaction" crashes in the southbound lanes of Interstate 77, Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said.
Total SA says energy companies should not drill for crude in Arctic waters, marking the first time an oil major has publicly spoken out against offshore oil exploration in the region.
Thanks to Google and the North American Aerospace Defense Command, also known as NORAD, you can track old Saint Nick on his Christmas Eve journey around the globe.
Log on to Noradsanta.org to view a special Google Map displaying Santa's whereabouts.
The bi-national air defense command began tracking Santa in 1955 because of a typo in a Sears Roebuck & Co.
In response to this threat, the U.S. government has been "messaging" in social media in Arabic, Urdu and Somali for three years, attempting to penetrate the virtual echo chambers of jihadist thought with contrary points of view.
Overtime money intended for special circumstances was routinely given to employees who frequently spent that time watching sports and entertainment channels, Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner wrote in a letter to the White House.
The 20-year-old made his Arsenal debut last season, bursting onto the scene with a Carling Cup hat-trick against Sheffield United in September 2008.
He is the 11th first-team player to commit his long-term future to Arsenal since the end of last season.
"Despicable Me 2" easily won the box office race on Wednesday with $34.3 million ($4.7 million of which came from Tuesday night showings beginning at 7 p.m.), putting it on pace for a remarkable $140 million five-day debut.
Disney's ultra-expensive western "The Lone Ranger" stumbled out of the gate on Wednesday, wrangling a terrible $9.7 million, which puts it on pace for a five-day debut in the $45-50 million range.
The weekend's other new opener, comedy film "Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain," pulverized already heightened expectations with an impressive $4.8 million from only 876 theaters.
Formulaic as it is, E.L.
An estimated 100,000 to 300,000 children are at risk of commercial sex exploitation in the United States, according to End Child Prostitution and Trafficking (ECPAT), which created the tourism code.
Russian club Zenit St Petersburg joined Europe's biggest spending clubs of the summer transfer window after splashing out a reported $101m to sign Brazilian striker Hulk and Belgian midfielder Axel Witsel from Portuguese clubs Porto and Benfica.
Meanwhile Fenerbahce have completed the Â£8m signing of Raul Meireles from Chelsea on a four-year contract.
At the America's Cup in Valencia, winners BMW Oracle Racing's Head of Design explains how the Americans' revolutionary wing sail gave them the edge, and Shirley takes to the skies in a glider to see the roots of this new innovation in action.
Tickets for the shows in Oakland, San Jose, Toronto and Chicago will go on sale to the general public April 8 and will also be available at Rollingstone.com.
Trigeminal neuralgia is a facial pain disorder associated with the trigeminal nerve, which carries sensation from your brain to your face.
Some one-third of the country's 90 million people live in poverty.
Polygamist reality television star Kody Brown and his fourth wife, Robyn, welcomed their first child together -- a son named Solomon -- at 2:02 a.m.
Brown, 43, and Robyn, 33, married during last year's season finale of the TLC reality show "Sister Wives" and now work to blend a family that includes three other wives and 16 additional children, some from previous marriages.
Cairo (CNN) -- Supporters and opponents of deposed Egyptian president Mohamed Morsy clashed near Cairo's Tahrir Square on Monday, leaving one person dead and 26 others injured, an emergency official said.
The clashes come nearly three weeks after Morsy, backed by the Muslim Brotherhood, was forced out of office by the Egyptian military..
(PEOPLE.com) -- Rosie O'Donnell was attracted to Michelle Rounds the moment she saw her in a Starbucks this summer.
Lt.
(CNN) -- The U.S. government will be hit with a class action lawsuit on behalf of 700 Guatemalans who were infected with syphilis unless it offers a way to settle claims before Friday, the plaintiffs' attorneys said.
(CNN) -- Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano unveiled a $700 million plan on Tuesday to help Mexico fight violent drug cartels, which includes a U.S.
At least 1 million Pakistanis have crippling diarrhea or respiratory infections.
One of Sin Hwa Dee's factories is dedicated exclusively to the production of Yu Sheng products, while another factory produces noodles for the restaurant and catering industries.
In 2005, Sin Hwa Dee moved into their own building, CHNG Kee's Foodlink, located in Senoko South Road, north of Singapore, with a production team of over 75 employees producing more than 20 tons of sauces per day.
"Technology should reduce the size of government," Project Madison's creator, Rep.
They will will join a multinational naval force already patrolling the area, including vessels from the United States, NATO member states, Russia and India.
They had the right of way at a crosswalk near an elementary school when a car hit them Friday night and sped off, according to the Santa Ana Police Department.
Halloween is one of the deadliest nights of the year because of the high number of drunken drivers and pedestrians on the road, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
A Christmas tree now stands where the red 2005 Porsche Carrera GT burned after clipping a light pole on the afternoon of November 30.
Just two months into the job, Speakes was named acting press secretary after Brady was shot by John Hinckley Jr.
(CNN) -- Two anti-whaling activists who were seized by a Japanese whaling vessel two days ago have been handed over to Australian government officials on a ship in the Antarctic, Japan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced Thursday.
Though Saudi officials have maintained publicly that Sultan's health has improved, the appointment in late March of a second deputy prime minister raised more questions.
The Basque separatist group ETA announced Thursday a "definitive cessation of its armed activity" in a statement published on the website of Gara, a newspaper that the group has used to convey messages in the past.
On the other side, some administrators and others argue such protections give bad teachers a free ride at the expense of students -- particularly poor students and students of color.
Directors at the VA health care systems in Pittsburgh, central Alabama and Dublin, Georgia, are in the process of being fired, and the VA's deputy chief procurement director in Washington is also in line to lose her job, the VA headquarters in Washington said in recent news releases.
Kerik is accused of failing to report more than $500,000 in income between 1999 and 2004, said Patricia Haynes, the IRS agent in charge of the case.
The indictment also charges that Kerik made several false statements to the White House and other federal officials when he applied for the position as adviser to the Homeland Security Advisory Council, to the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq and in connection with his nomination to be secretary of the U.S.
A senior U.S.
Just because you're staying on a working farm doesn't mean you'll be expected to work as a hired hand would.
The nonprofit organization World Wide Opportunities on Organic Farms connects travelers with ranches, farms, and vineyards in 98 countries that allow guests to work for as long as they wish in exchange for free room and board.
(CNN) -- Striker Emmanuel Adebayor has committed himself to Arsenal by signing a new contract with the English Premier League club.
"Mr.
A more stripped-back work than usual for him, the songs look back on his 46 years.
The Tigris River has plunged to record low levels, Iraqi farmers told CNN.
(CNN) -- Spanish club Sevilla have been rocked by the news that defender Sergio Sanchez has been ruled out for an indefinite period due to a heart problem.
The news comes just two years after Sevilla midfielder Antonio Puerta collapsed during a game and later died due to cardiac arrest.
Mandela has not appeared in public since the 2010 World Cup hosted by South Africa.
The Nobel Peace Prize laureate spent 27 years in prison for fighting against oppression of blacks in South Africa.
With 71% of the votes counted, Romney held about 48% of the vote, while former House Speaker Newt Gingrich had 23% and Rep.
Rosetta will be the first spacecraft to orbit a comet and to place a lander on the surface as it approaches and then swings around the sun.
ESA says the mission's objective is to help understand the origin and evolution of the solar system and investigate the role that comets may have played in seeding Earth with water.
The site was packed with hundreds of thousands of devotees celebrating the annual festival of Chhath, Patna's police chief Jayant Kant said.
At least 1,900 Hong Kongers took the streets to call for democracy on a sweltering Sunday afternoon, an energetic prelude to Wednesday's scheduled mass vigil honoring the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown.
Air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane landed, aviation officials said.
Due to history, location, politics and power, Syria has more allies than Libya and is unlikely to face similar U.N.-mandated action.
On Thursday, Elan's 11-year-old daughter, Anaika St.
According to the chief minister of Pakistan's North West Frontier Province, some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fighting between the military and Taliban militants along its border with Afghanistan.
Sen.
Sightings of the Horton Plains slender loris -- a small nocturnal primate with extremely thin arms and legs and huge round eyes -- are so rare that the creature has only been seen four times since 1937.
(Financial Times) -- China's premier has waded into an intensifying trade dispute with Europe, warning that EU investigations into Chinese-made solar panels and telecommunications equipment would backfire by hurting European consumers.
The property has been on the market since last month.
In Islamic cultures, a belief in genies, or jinns, is common.
(CNN) -- World No.
The 25-year-old won three consecutive titles in Dubai between 2009 and 2011 before 17-time grand slam champion Roger Federer triumphed last year.
But on April 1, some 350 people from the Miyakoji district of Tamura city will be allowed to head back to their homes permanently, according to the country's Reconstruction Agency.
The reigning champion -- bidding for his sixth title at the Dubai Tennis Championships -- had to come from behind to win 5-7 6-0 6-2 against the World No.
Rome, Italy (CNN) -- The Vatican did not know about an American priest believed to have molested up to 200 boys until 20 years after civil authorities investigated and then dropped the case, its top spokesman said Thursday.
Haleigh went missing from her father's home in Satsuma, Florida, on February 9.
Rosen's story is one of several that have come to light in recent weeks as part of a worldwide CNN investigation into what appears to be a widespread black market in human organs currently under scrutiny by authorities in the United States and Israel.
McNutt said 90% of air freight from Asia to Europe and North America flies over Alaska air space, and hundreds of flights -- including more than 20,000 passengers -- fly through Anchorage's air space daily.
Five suspects ranging in age from 16 to 30 have been arrested so far and charged with assault with intent to murder and assault with intent to do great bodily harm, according to Worthy.
Bryan founded Vision Entertainment Group Inc. with his friend Adam Targum in 2009.
Washington (CNN) -- Texas Gov.
A conventioneer leans over and loudly says to his buddy, "Look!
U.N.
There's a certain Opryland jam-session charm to it all, but "Blunderbuss" lacks the electric jolt that made previous outfits the White Stripes and the Dead Weather so exciting.
The Piper Comanche 260 carrying a married couple landed on the southbound lanes of U.S.
(Fast Company) -- Users in China are reporting that access to LinkedIn has been blocked throughout the country.
Two soldiers were killed in a suicide bombing that happened Thursday afternoon during a patrol in Gereshk, the ministry said.
The modern version of the one-piece dates back to the 1980s, when the fitness craze contributed to an emphasis on sportiness, mobility and functionality in swimwear, said fashion historian Valerie Steele.
It is the second time the U.S. failed to qualify for the Olympics since 1976, according to the U.S.
Northern California and southern Oregon have been trying to merge since 1852.
Carney vacated the 1995 death sentence of Ernest D.
On Monday afternoon. a spokesperson for Democratic Sen.
Washington (CNN) -- Staff Sgt.
Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden, the son of Vice President Joe Biden, has not commented on the case.
Turning into a zombie meant Roberts finally got his turn in the chair in the "more bloody and gross" makeup trailer reserved for walkers.
The prosecution and defense completed their arguments in the case of Dr.
A U.S.
In 2007, Americans spent $287 billion on prescription drugs, about five times as much as in 1993, according to Consumer Reports.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Southern China is suffering from its worst outbreak of dengue fever in two decades, with 1,000 new cases of the potentially fatal mosquito-borne disease emerging each day, according to official media reports.
Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Edward McLaughlin set bail at $200,000 bond or $40,000 cash.
They left Beirut on October 1, telling friends they were headed for the northern Lebanese cities of Byblos and Tripoli that day.
Ulysses S.
According to Morgan -- who cites Lincoln's secretaries John Hay and John Nicolay -- Warren took the last three photographs of Lincoln on March 6, 1865, just two days after his second inauguration.
Propofol, known by the trade name of Diprivan, is administered intravenously in operating rooms as a powerful anesthetic and sedative.
Rwanda is now considered one of Africa's most stable nations.
Unfortunately it appears that there is a bug in the "administrative, physical and electronic measures" that ensure privacy, as Blippy's security system has been breached in a very public and unfortunate way.
A triumph by the former Massachusetts governor in the first-in-the-South primary state has long been considered unthinkable by Republican insiders here, where Romney's northern pedigree and evolving positions on core conservative issues have been viewed with skepticism since his last White House bid in 2008.
"I always did something I was a little not ready to do.
TJ Jackson has been close to the children much of their lives and was left in charge of them in the past when Katherine Jackson was away.
The U.S.
After dominating the film-festival circuit, "Black Swan" is coming to theaters December 3.
He wants a "bubble of safety" around his children, with cameras staying at least 100 feet away, he said.
Rep.
Hilde Johnson, who heads the U.N.
"It's like Christmas!"
A good score in the gaokao will open the doors to the country's most prestigious universities, granting access not only to the best education and the chance to work overseas but also to an elite Rolodex of upper-echelon contacts.
The Catamaran Resort Hotel and Spa throws a Friday-night luau on the lawn by Mission Bay -- and that means hula dancers in grass skirts, fire knife dancing, piña coladas, tiki torches, a ceremonial roast pig on parade and Polynesian drumbeats from a live band.
Of course, Gosling is in the issue that hits newsstand Friday, along with 123 other hot guys.
Chrisette Michele's album "Epiphany" debuted at No.
The Red Cross Board of Governors asked for and received Everson's resignation after it "concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr.
Two months later, his father, Army Maj.
In late December, an estimated 6,000 Lou Nuer marched into Pibor County and killed hundreds of Murle in a series of attacks that lasted into January, according to the United Nations.
(CNN) -- The Justice Department on Friday invoked the government's "state secrets privilege" to intervene in a private legal dispute between the owner of a Greek shipping company and a U.S.
(CNN) -- A videotape on a Russian Web site allegedly showing a State Department employee having sex with a prostitute is a "smear campaign" meant to discredit the man, a State Department spokesman said Thursday.
"I have lived this life," he says.
The downloadable PC game lets players face off against a computer-controlled opponent or a human challenger over the Internet.
Russell Defreitas allegedly asked his fellow prisoners to help him carry out several murders, according to a March 2010 letter from prosecutors to Defreitas' attorneys, which was released Tuesday.
MADRID, Spain (CNN) -- Spain commemorated victims of the March 11, 2004 Madrid train bombings with somber ceremonies on Tuesday at three stations in the capital where 191 people died in the Islamic terrorist attacks.
A Spanish court last October convicted 21 people in connection with the attacks.
One man tweeted, "The lady made a point.
"I always like to think of myself as a cartoon, and now I'm a Sim," Perry said in the news release announcing the deal.
Perry will help design Sims game accessories, clothing, hairstyles, furniture and props "that truly celebrate the imagination that she brings to her performances, music videos and life," the company said.
(EW.com) -- Now that we all know that Robert Galbraith is J.K.
(CNN) -- Croatia held off a furious late onslaught from Euro 2008 co-hosts Austria to win 1-0 in their opening Group B match in Vienna on Sunday.
It followed months of criticism by rights groups and media reports alleging abuse and exploitation of laborers as the country prepares to host the 2022 World Cup.
The changes have been met with a lukewarm response from Qatar's critics.
But information security experts for the Army say it's unlikely that the information will be compromised because the data are guarded by three layers of security and encryption passwords.
Italy has long been at the forefront of Europe's battle to stem the flow of illegal immigrants, due to the close proximity of some of its islands to the African coast.
The Afghan Central Bank estimates that at least $6 billion a year is needed over the next decade in economic investment in the country, which the World Bank describes as one of the 10 poorest in the world.
Jayelin Graham was bitten multiple times in the head, neck and torso by his family's Cane Corso Mastiff, a large muscular breed of canine commonly used as a guard dog or hunting companion.
Turner faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
(CNN) -- Top seed Caroline Wozniacki eased into the second round of the U.S.
Elsewhere in the draw, Maria Sharapova fought back from one set down to defeat Australia's Jarmila Groth in three sets.
Serbia's Jelena Jankovic recovered from match point down to beat world number 96 Simona Halep in a contest which lasted over two hours.
Under Mongolian law, dinosaur fossils are property of the Mongolian government and exporting them from the country is a criminal offense.
A nuclear test would also fit North Korea's pattern of serial provocations, analysts said.
Saverin's spokesman denies the move was done for tax reasons.
Methylmercury, found in fish and shellfish, can harm a child's thinking, language, fine motor skills, memory, attention, and visual spatial skills when exposed in the womb.
The men accused the NFL of using a "hand-picked committee of physicians" to misrepresent evidence of the effects of head trauma, particularly concussions, which were later more publicly linked to heightened risks of long-term brain injury.
Retired Army Col.
(CNN) -- Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei lost his second and final appeal against tax evasion charges in a Beijing intermediate court Thursday, leaving him liable for back taxes and fines totaling RMB 15.52 million (US$ 2.4 million).
Obama arrived in Europe last week for a series of summits, initially meeting with world leaders at the G-20 summit in London, England, to discuss the global financial crisis.
Farmers' markets and farm stands have become more than a regular shopping opportunity for locals -- they're now a common stop on a visitor's itinerary as well.
U.S. officials said they're unclear about the intentions of the Houthis.
ICE keeps your doctors' phone numbers, details on specific medical conditions and insurance information all in one place, where it can be accessed even when the phone is locked.
Gov.
The technology advances are crucial selling points, especially for passenger cars, sport utilities, pickups and vans made by U.S. automakers.
Gov.
Janet Jackson had reportedly tried in 2007 to stage an intervention for her brother Michael Jackson, who died of cardiac arrest June 25, two sources close to the Jackson family told CNN Wednesday.
In most states treatment for addiction cannot be forced by family members or friends, Seppala said.
(CNN) -- Real Madrid defender Christoph Metzelder fully expects to be leaving the Spanish giants next summer.
Metzelder, whose contract is up at the end of the season, has played just one Spanish Primera Liga match all campaign.
The boy said Melanie Billings "got shot in her shirt."
Seven males are charged with first-degree murder and home invasion robbery.
Sustainable forestry aims to prevent depletion of forests by managing them and making sure their use does not interfere with natural benefits or the local environment.
The largest outbreak was in Mexico which had 156 confirmed cases, while there were 141 cases confirmed and one death in the United States, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
"We went into this together, and we will work it through together because we are stronger together," British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said after a half day of talks at the State Department with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
As of Thursday night, at least 829,863 votes were yet to be counted, according to figures posted by California's Secretary of State.
Proposition 29 was the subject of a fierce advertising campaign, playing out on Californians' television screens for weeks ahead of the vote.
(CNN) -- Bayern Munich will enjoy home advantage when they play Chelsea in the European Champions League final after defeating Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabeu following Wednesday's dramatic penalty shootout.
In second place was "Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows," which rose 9 percent for $22.1 million.
The same holds true for "Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked," which jumped an incredible 45 percent for $18.3 million.
Space shuttle Discovery already has been offered to the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum in Washington.
The privilege of showing off a shuttle won't be cheap -- about $42 million.
Dell will introduce a GPS and Wi-Fi card that can be added to its netbooks to offer turn-by-turn direction.
Susan, aka "Ginormica," has to save the world in "Monsters vs.
Air Seychelles recorded a loss of $12.5 million in 2010/11 and the company made massive cuts.
As many as one in three American adults suffer from chronic pain, according to the American Chronic Pain Association.
The organization defines chronic pain as "pain that continues a month or more beyond the usual recovery period for an injury or illness or that goes on for months or years because of a chronic condition."
T.I.
The U.S.-led war in Afghanistan began October 7, 2011, with an air campaign that was followed within weeks by a ground invasion.
Police in Lahore on Wednesday confirmed six police officers and a driver of a van carrying umpires were killed after earlier reports had put the death toll at eight.
Vanessa Bryant filed for divorce in December 2011, citing irreconcilable differences.
The U.S.
Peggye McNair, 72, the owner of the farm and a well-known camel breeder, was one of the victims of the attack Saturday, police told CNN affiliate KFDX.
The incident at Camel Kisses Farm in Wichita Falls happened after Mark Mere, 53, got into a pen with three camels -- one male and two females.
Previously, the most popular person on Facebook, with just over 6 million fans, was U.S.
Sen.
(CNN) -- A U.N.
The crimes include two incidents in which Muslim men, women and children were forced into homes that were then set on fire -- and some who tried to escape were shot.
The international piracy cases are the first to be prosecuted in the Seychelles.
All of us still have the opportunity to join the struggle today.
Paul and Rachel Chandler were seized from their yacht in October last year, just after they set sail from the Seychelles Islands for Tanzania.
Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital.
Thanks to a bumper television deal worth $4.7 billion that is shared between the 20 Premier League clubs, England spent more than any other country on transfers in 2013 -- $913 million -- an increase of 51% over the previous year.
While English clubs spent lavishly, Brazil once again had the most number of transfers -- 1,402 -- for both incoming and outgoing players, testament to the 2014 World Cup host's knack for developing players.
Whole fresh hop cones provide a more grassy and juicy aroma and flavor to the beer by retaining precious lupulin oils from the hop flower.
L'AQUILA, Italy (CNN) -- Leaders of both industrialized powers and emerging economies have agreed to work together on setting a goal to limit global warming to levels recommended by scientists, U.S.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alice L.
There's enough episodes in the pipeline to keep "Cleveland" on the air for a fourth season next year, so even with the long production time of Fox's Sunday night animated comedies, there's some wiggle room to delay the verdict.
An international arrest warrant was issued Saturday for the legal adviser on sex-trafficking charges.
Leader of Libya since 1969, Gadhafi was last reported seen June 12, two weeks before the International Criminal Court issued a warrant for his arrest.
Drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels, officials say.
Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock.
More than 120 rare and vintage handbags estimated to be worth almost $1 million will go under the hammer in Hong Kong on Monday at a sale organized by auction house Christie's.
Christie's picked Hong Kong to appeal to the growing number of wealthy Asian buyers that have made the city the world's third largest auction center after London and New York.
Dick Henry is the wisecracking creation of author, P.G.
To keep the cattle happy -- and ensure the beef tastes good -- they feed the herd with seaweed and Omega three.
"Chicken without sexual life" has been transformed into "Steamed pullet."
It's too early to tell whether Phoenix will be able to fly in the wild.
The Australian High Court denied Apple's appeal to an earlier court ruling that overturned an injunction placed on Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 citing violation of its patent.
Samsung welcomed the court's decision and said the Galaxy Tab 10.1 will be ready for sale in Australia in time for the Christmas shopping season.
Apple claims that Samsung's newer Galaxy Tab 10.1 copies the iPad's look and infringes upon its design patents.
The move is a result of the NCAA's decision to implement a recommendation, backed by U.S.
What makes "Born This Way" so disarmingly great is how warm and humane Gaga sounds.
The whole album thumps like the soundtrack to a lost "Eddie and the Cruisers" sequel, one where Eddie gets crucified by Roman soldiers, while Gaga stands under the cross weeping and sending dirty texts to the DJ.
That's the achievement of "Born This Way": The more excessive Gaga gets, the more honest she sounds.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patrick M.
Three different ads will run for six weeks in more than 1,000 member newspapers, digitally and in print.
(CNN) -- The World Health Organization announced Tuesday it is still considering increasing its pandemic alert level to phase 6 because of growing worldwide cases of the H1N1 virus, or swine flu.
(CNN) -- Onyango Okech Obama -- an uncle of President Barack Obama who has been in the United States illegally for decades -- has gotten a federal court's OK to stay in his adopted country, according to an attorney representing the uncle.
If no higher court grants the appeal, the 911 audio recordings will be released on December 4 at 2 p.m.
Finding the Higgs boson would help explain the origin of mass, one of the open questions in physicists' current understanding of the way the universe works.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
Authorities tried Nie behind closed doors and barred the parents from the courtroom, but Nie told a lawyer hired by his family that he was beaten into a confession on his sixth day in jail.
In 2011, phone losses around the world spiked on Christmas and New Year's Eve.
Based on Max Brooks' novel and planned as a franchise, "World War Z" overcame production complications to become a summer blockbuster, grossing $540 million worldwide, and a solid critical hit.
Sen.
Ferries in the region often carry passengers not included in the manifest, making it hard to pinpoint the exact number of people aboard.
A more resourceful actor than he used to be, Rogen shows us someone who is actively trying to grow up even if he's not too sure what that might entail.
Based on an autobiographical screenplay by Will Reiser (a friend of Seth Rogen who apparently went through the same diagnosis), "50/50" generally avoids the terminal whimsy that swamps Gus Van Sant's current arty atrocity, "Restless" in favor of practical real-life concerns like getting to and from the hospital, eating and allowing your loved ones their share of the suffering (Anjelica Huston more or less steals the movie with a knockout turn as a difficult and overbearing but still caring mom).
Based in the Basque city of Bilbao, Iberdrola is also the world's largest producer of wind energy.
Spain -- where Iberdrola is headquartered -- is the eurozone's fourth-largest economy with unemployment at 26.1%, second only to Greece in the single currency bloc, according to Eurostat data.
Robert Park told relatives before Christmas that he was trying to sneak into the isolated communist state to bring a message of "Christ's love and forgiveness" to North Korean leader Kim Jong Il.
(CNN) -- The family of a Korean-American missionary believed held in North Korea said Tuesday they are working with U.S. officials to get him returned home.
The two have a bitter political history dating to 1992, when they ran against each other in the Democratic presidential primary.
Wei Tingting, Wang Man, Zheng Churan, Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong were freed from the Haidian Detention Center on the outskirts of Beijing late Monday.
They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted, and police can summon them for questioning at any time, Liang added.
While Modi's India is out to put its economy on the fast track, China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth.
El Chapo, who oversees the powerful Sinaloa drug cartel, is considered the most wanted man in Mexico.
(CNN) -- American Bill Haas claimed a one-shot victory in the Bob Hope Classic on the final hole to join his father as a winner of the tournament.
Tim Clark, Matt Kuchar and Bubba Watson all finished tied for second place on 29 under.
Also on Monday, Israeli archeologists announced the discovery of a huge cache of religious objects about 3,500 years old -- older than the Bible itself, and nearly twice the age of the Roman skeletons.
The U.S. military failed to "maintain complete inventory records for an estimated 87,000 weapons -- or about 36 percent -- of the 242,000 weapons that the United States procured and shipped to Afghanistan from December 2004 through June 2008," a U.S.
"Watchmen" premiered in more theaters (3,611) than any other R-rated movie in history, and it averaged an impressive $15,413 per venue, despite a potentially problematic long running time.
Tyler Perry's "Madea Goes to Jail" (No.
(CNN) -- Jorge Lorenzo kept the MotoGP title race alive with victory at the Indianapolis Grand Prix on Sunday as world champion Valentino Rossi crashed out.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Mexican and Colombian officials working with U.S. agents have seized about $41 million in cash hidden in shipping containers, the U.S.
Mark Kelly's wife, U.S.
(CNN) -- Insurgents locked in a standoff with U.S.
In 2005, Turkey formally launched membership negotiations to become the first majority Muslim country to join the European Union.
The helicopter went down late Friday in the parking lot on the campus of St.
Democratic Sen.
Cologne moved off the bottom of the table with their first victory, winning 2-0 at Stuttgart with a 25th-minute header from Sebastian Freis before goalkeeper Jens Lehmann's 89th-minute error let in striker Manasseh Ishiaku.
(CNN) -- An 18-year-old Tibetan monk set himself on fire in a monastery in China's Sichuan province, according to advocacy organizations and the Tibetan government in exile.
The detention order said Adam Dandach of Orange County told federal agents he planned to travel to Syria to join ISIS, "a known terrorist organization, that he would assist ISIS with anything the ISIS asked him to do, and that he believed the killings of U.S.
Rickie Fowler, Zach Johnson and Stewart Cink were also included in the 12-strong team to defend the Ryder Cup against Europe at Celtic Manor in Wales at the start of October.
A success story like Guinness in Nigeria highlights the potential for trade and foreign investment in Africa that U.S.
He was taken to the hospital Thursday, though no details of his ailment were released.
There are so many bones here you don't see them as human remains, you just see them as decorations."
Recently, I reintroduced bipartisan legislation to help prevent bullying and harassment -- the Safe Schools Improvement Act.
With the rise of mobile phones over the past decade, pay phones have been disappearing.
But thanks to some new initiatives, pay phones may not be doomed to fade from the urban landscape like penny-farthings and oil-lit street lamps.
The Midlands are a convenient base to visit the famous battlefields around the towns of Ladysmith and Dundee.
Unlike Wahlberg, Timberlake has never tried to distance himself from his teenybopper days.
He's the cool nerd, the guy who makes cool seem attainable.
On the call, posted on the Tinley Park police Web site, a man can be heard saying, "I'm losing it."
Would the U.S.
She married Robert F.
Mubarak told ABC that U.S.
Sen.
(CNN) -- World governing body FIFA have announced that France international striker Thierry Henry will not be punished for his handball in last November's World Cup qualification play-off against the Republic of Ireland.
FIFA''s disciplinary committee concluded there was "no legal foundation" for them to deal with the case.
It replaces the white, shadowed letters and red backdrop of Netflix's iconic logo with a cleaner look comprised of flat red letters against a white background.
LOS ANGELES, California -- On Earth Day on Wednesday, Dr.
Since 2006, there have been seven attacks aimed at researcher's homes or cars.
Once on the scene, CNN quickly established itself as a vital missing link -- helping worried relatives reach their loved ones in Haiti, while helping Haitians communicate word of their survival, their needs, and their despair.
Forty body scanners are currently in use at 19 U.S.
Nearly 40,000 Yazidis are trapped on the top of Mount Sinjar with few resources; many with just the clothes on their back, U.S.
In some places, the growing embrace of public transportation has been an ongoing trend for the past few years, reflecting a steady and gradual change in commuter behavior. iReport: Show us your commute
Clearly, America's financial system needs new, different and better regulations for the 21st century, and this crisis should help produce those.
Yingluck Shinawatra has to be proclaimed by the nation's king before she can officially take office.
If King Bhumibol Adulyadej proclaims her, she will be the 28th prime minister in Thai history.
Yingluck is the younger sister of one of Thailand's most polarizing political figures, former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who was ousted in a 2006 military coup.
Sen.
Probably the single most important trigger for the rapid spread of events was the prime minister's inability to listen to critique and disagreement, and the way in which this inability has manifested over the last few years.
One might wonder why a government that still enjoys such popular support is unable to tolerate a few protests here and there and is incapable of giving into what are often very reasonable demands against the excesses of environmental degradation and rent-based urban renewal policies.
Navy Adm.
Sunday's national elections were held two years before originally scheduled.
Ebola has killed nearly 5,000 people since the outbreak started in March, mostly in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
The assessment notes that China has the most active ballistic and cruise missile program in the world, including developing anti-missile technology.
Born Arthel Lane Watson in Deep Gap, North Carolina, Watson was blinded from an eye infection as a baby.
The panel set another hearing for Atkins in three years, said Michele Kane, spokeswoman for the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation.
Authorities have subpoenaed the records of various doctors who have treated Jackson over the years, but "Dr.
Former Tony Blair spokesman Alastair Campbell is due to testify later this week, but a written copy of his opening statement appears to have leaked online.
The guests were arrested on suspicion of illegally importing the animals, he said.
U.S.
Undoubtedly, the Chinese seek to invest in French vineyards for the reputation of the wines and their quality.
"Che" stars Oscar winner Benicio Del Toro in the title role, for which he won a best actor award at this year's Cannes Film Festival.
Soderbergh's "Che" has been shown at six film festivals worldwide and will have a limited opening in the United States on December 12.
"I was Ahab and the white whale.
Twenty two years, eight months and 27 days on from his debut for the Old Trafford club, Giggs is officially the most decorated player in English football history.
All three have been booted from their Boy Scout leadership roles.
(CNN) -- Mercedes-Benz will head up their own Formula One team next season after the German car manufacturer confirmed they have taken a 75.1 percent share in Brawn GP -- with Ross Brawn remaining as team principal.
U.S.
(CNN) -- Former England and Mexico coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has been appointed as coach of the Ivory Coast national team for the World Cup finals in South Africa.
Military officials say this is the first group of soldiers whose redeployment will not be replaced by a new rotation of fresh troops.
It's possible in some states to take the DMV-authorized "driving school" online -- and avoid the hassle of spending an entire Saturday reliving high school detention.
The key thing, however, is to avoid the moving violation conviction -- even if it means paying a larger fine than you'd otherwise have paid for just the ticket/offense you were originally charged with.
Royal is the winningest coach at Texas, one of college football's biggest programs.
iReporter Roger J.
Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months, often pitting Sunnis -- a minority in Iraq -- against Shiite Muslims, who came to dominate the government after Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003.
Holly Williams is daughter of musician Hank Williams Jr. and granddaughter of musician Hank Williams Sr.
Escaped detainees from the Khilit al-Ferjan and Qasr Ben Ghashir camps provided testimony to the human rights group.
He retired from the Army after nearly 40 years of service with the rank of lieutenant general on April 28 -- one day before he was sworn in as ambassador, according to his State Department biography.
He also advised the U.S.
The April 9 national elections will determine the makeup of Indonesia's 550-seat parliament, as well as its regional representation council, provincial, county and city assemblies.
Washington (CNN) -- New Jersey Gov.
The U.S.
The one-drug method had never been tried on a U.S.
Two robbers entered the landmark Cartier jewelry store located near the Champs Elysees in Paris on Tuesday evening, according to police spokesman Luc Poignant speaking to CNN affiliate BFMTV.
Air Force Maj.
Miller and his crew were flying over southern Laos when a missile struck their plane, the Defense Department said Tuesday.
Miller will be buried with full military honors at the Dallas-Ft.
London (CNN) -- Prince George will be christened on October 23 at the Chapel Royal, St.
The 2005 Prius was part of Toyota's November recall to address the risk of accelerator pedal entrapment in the floor mat.
One music fan in the UK wants him out of the Glastonbury Festival so bad, he's started a petition to make it happen.
The U.S. has conducted drone and missile strikes inside Yemen.
In fact, 20 minutes of knitting can lower your heart rate and blood pressure -- the same physical response triggered by yoga, Tai Chi, or meditation.
Almost 30 Josephs and Marys had already signed up for the free night's stay at the Travelodge, said Shakila Ahmed, a spokeswoman for the hotel chain.
(CNN) -- Spain's small businesses are being warned they must "export or die" as the country remains mired in recession.
Four years later, 67 percent of Hispanic voters went for Obama.
Gay rights advocates say Sen.
The club, who have just claimed their 20th Premier League title, reported a 52.2% increase in sponsorship revenue having announced new deals with two financial services providers in Denmark and Vietnam as well as an agreement with a Japanese social gaming company.
She blames pressures placed upon him by "certain people in his life" not to be with her based on press reports about her.
AEG's lawyer called the suit "clearly frivolous" since Williams has no legal standing to sue because he was not a party to Jackson's contract with AEG.
The Brazilian was omitted from the squad that lost 3-1 to Villarreal on Saturday after returning late from international duty, but he has been named in an 18-man party for the trip to Scotland.
Savana Redding was 13 when administrators suspected that she was carrying banned drugs.
The fiancé, 34-year-old Ashley "A.J."
The justices in January accepted the Safford school district case for review, and will decide whether a campus setting gives school administrators greater discretion to control students suspected of illegal activity than police are allowed in cases involving adults in general public spaces.
The court could now be asked to clarify the extent of student rights involving searches, and the discretion of officials regarding those they have responsibility over.
Fox plans to air six one-hour episodes this summer, debuting the show on Thursday, June 7 at 9 p.m.
Chmagh's Reuters colleague, Namir Noor-Eldeen, also died in the July 2007 air strike in the New Baghdad district of the Iraqi capital.
The Kaesong Industrial Complex is seen as a key symbol of inter-Korean cooperation.
The agreement to donate the suit ended a years-long battled between Fred Goldman, the father of the man the ex-National Football League star was accused of killing, and Simpson's former sports agent, Mike Gilbert, who has possession of the suit.
A day earlier, a California judge approved an agreement to donate the brownish-green suit O.J.
(RollingStone.com) -- Jay-Z will launch his new YouTube channel Saturday night with a live stream of the last concert of his eight-show run at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, USA Today reports.
During that time, 7.2% of the men and 5.7% of the women developed the mental-function problems known as mild cognitive impairment (MCI), with or without any accompanying memory loss.
The fact that men appear to have higher rates of MCI but lower rates of dementia may hold important clues for preventing or delaying cognitive decline, the researchers suggest.
"It's not hard to find evidence that Iran has a nuclear weapons program," Netanyahu said.
Total economic losses could reach 42.12 billion yuan ($6.17 billion) with 1.6 million hectares of farmland flooded and 12.5 percent of crops destroyed.
(CNN) -- Gary David Goldberg, the writer and producer who created classic TV comedies "Family Ties" and "Spin City," has died, CNN has confirmed.
• Tonight's address will be the 220th State of the Union/"annual message" in the nation's history.
Police found Todd Harrell "slumped over the steering wheel" of a vehicle stopped at an intersection in D'Iberville, Mississippi, a police statement released Wednesday said.
His doctor ordered the famed tenor to rest for three or four weeks, which means he won't make it to performances scheduled for next week in Madrid, she said.
(CNN) -- South Africa has named Caster Semenya, the women's world 800 meter champion, in their squad for the 2010 Commonwealth Games which will take place in New Delhi, India.
Yet, then and there, someone approached Cpl.
BERLIN, Germany (CNN) -- U.S.
Long considered a shoo-in for a Best Actor nominee, Fassbender was edged out by first-time nominee Gary Oldman for "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" and dark horse nominee DemiÃ¡n Bichir for "A Better Life."
(CNN) -- Togo's national soccer team have been officially disqualified from the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations by the Confederation of African Football (CAF).
(CNN) -- Unbeaten American Floyd Mayweather Jr claims he will knock out WBO welterweight world champion Manny Pacquiao when the two boxing giants lock horns next year.
Prosecutors have not yet said whether they will pursue the death penalty.
Jay Carney, White House press secretary, told CNN that President Barack Obama has been briefed on the threat.
Croatia's 1,390-square-mile northern peninsula is known for its freshly caught seafood, terraced olive groves, hilltop vineyards and truffles.
Restaurant access alone is what defines summer dining to many New Yorkers.
The post-millennial "digital native," a term coined by U.S.
Prensky defines digital natives as those born into an innate "new culture" while the digital immigrants are old-world settlers, who have lived in the analogue age and immigrated to the digital world.
Bill Richardson of New Mexico will not pardon legendary Wild West outlaw Billy the Kid in the death of a law enforcement officer more than a century ago, he said Friday.
There is still no official word on when Simpson and Johnson will get married.
U.N.
The NBA also announced Tuesday that it has filed an unfair labor practice charge with the National Labor Relations Board along with the lawsuit, which was filed in federal court in New York.
The NBA began a lockout of its players in early July.
If convicted, Pichushkin -- called the "Bitsevsky Maniac" by Russian media after the Moscow park where many of the alleged victims were killed -- would be Russia's most deadly serial killer since Andrei Chikatilo, convicted in 1992 of 52 murders.
Sex therapist Dr.
Sacramento police have nabbed nearly 70 underage girls for child prostitution since 2005.
North and South Korea have been asked to form a doubles partnership.
China suffered a spate of knife and cleaver attacks targeting school children in 2010.
Illinois Gov.
The Ulster Volunteer Force and Red Hand Commando made the announcement Saturday, the Northern Ireland Office (NIO) said.
As many as 36 elephants have been killed by trains in the area since 2004, Sood said.
Conservationists estimate that India has a wild population of some 25,000 Asiatic elephants but their habitat is increasingly under pressure as human settlements encroach on nature reserves.
Gerrard will continue playing football -- but not in the English Premier League -- and Italian journalist Gianluca di Marzio has reported that U.S.
Rory McIlroy and Graeme McDowell were also unable to stem the U.S.
More than 30,000 people fled their homes last week ahead of an expected eruption, and authorities were attempting to evacuate about 50,000 people living around the 8,077-foot volcano.
Across the day, nearly 27 million people watched streaming video on CNN.com Live on Tuesday, according to CNN spokeswoman Jennifer Martin.
The one-of-a-kind silk chiffon confection was embellished with organza rosettes, Swarovski crystal rhinestones and silver embroidery.
Carrie Prejean was stripped of her Miss California USA title earlier this year.
Officials at the Panamanian embassy in Washington did not return a telephone request Tuesday from CNN for comment on the latest development.
Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have long battled government forces in a country that is overwhelmingly Buddhist.
The explosion occurred in a region that has seen a spike in suspected insurgent attacks recently.
Previous criminal cases against American troops have triggered widespread protests by Okinawans since 1995, when three American servicemen were found guilty of raping an Okinawan schoolgirl.
Boys And Girls Alone -- which will be aired in the UK on Tuesday evening -- has been compared to adult reality show Big Brother.
Sen.
Sen.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Fighter jets and other combat aircraft used Taiwan's main highway as a makeshift airstrip Tuesday as part of a dawn drill that simulated an attack from China.
The U.S.
At the G8 summit in Northern Ireland this week, Putin came under intense pressure to back plans to sideline Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
The girl, Breeann Rodriguez, was last seen on August 6, riding her pink bicycle with her brother outside their home in Senath.
The two airports are about seven miles apart and serve the same area of southwest Missouri.
The summit was named in honor of Daisy Bates, former president of the Arkansas State Conference of the NAACP and advisor to the Little Rock Nine, the statement said.
"The View" has been in a state of flux for the past year, with longtime personalities Joy Behar and Elisabeth Hasselbeck taping their final shows in mid-2013.
Fromme was convicted in 1975 of pointing a gun at then-President Gerald Ford in Sacramento, California.
MotoGP already has two rounds in America -- the United States Grand Prix at Laguna Seca and the Indianapolis Grand Prix at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
"If, against my intention, I've hurt the Jewish people's feelings and those of the victims of child abuse, I'm truly sorry and ask forgiveness," the Rev.
The United States ranked 19th, down two spots from the 2010 listing.
Gibbons was not convicted of two other charges brought against her -- inciting hatred and showing contempt for religious beliefs, her lawyer said.
Obama has made it clear that he's not willing to budge on some of the big ticket items, like how the tax cuts are structured.
Iraq has seen a sharp increase in tension between its Shiite and Sunni populations since April, when security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government.
Hugo is played with jolting melodramatic pathos -- and the genetic blessing of bottomless, pale blue eyes -- by Asa Butterfield ("The Boy in the Striped Pajamas").
"Hugo" both ticks and flies by, a marvel meant to be pulled from the cabinet and enjoyed again and again.
In 1985 the Australian Rugby Football Union was incorporated as a company and in 1997, it became simply The Australian Rugby Union Ltd.
The most expensive incense wood sells for $2500 per kilogram.
Psy became the first South Korean artist to hit number one on the UK music charts, and at the time of this writing was sitting number two for the third week on the U.S.
Fowle is one of three Americans detained in North Korea, including Matthew Todd Miller, who was taken into custody on April 10, according to KCNA and Korean-American missionary, Kenneth Bae, who has been sentenced to 15 years hard labor in 2013.
It was Prince Charles's first visit to the Vatican since he went to the funeral of Pope John Paul II four years ago, and his first meeting with a head of the Roman Catholic Church since 1985.
(CNN) -- American teenagers rank below average when it comes to understanding the value of money -- while Chinese kids are the best.
Lilies (Lilium sp.): Easter lilies, stargazers and Oriental varieties can cause vomiting, severe kidney failure and death.
Hundreds of defectors learn how to live in a free and prosperous nation, the exact opposite of the nation they have fled.
Daily lessons teach the basics of life in South Korea such as how to buy a subway ticket, open a bank account and how to understand the language.
Kabul (CNN) -- At least 21 people -- including four U.N.
The U.N.
But new ones like Take Charge's Power Saver Smart Strip are even better because they save money on your monthly power bill by killing standby power (aka vampire or phantom power) that most electronics consume even when turned off.
"You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund.
A court ordered him released in August and placed under house arrest while he awaits the retrial.
Much of the shrimp processed in Thailand is destined for the United States, the report said.
U.S.
From ancient passage ways to modern trade routes, this week, in a special edition, Marketplace Middle East travels along the new Silk Road and looks at how the economies of the Middle East are re-defining global growth.
The Gulf plays an integral part in the new Silk Road; trade between China and the Middle East is growing at around 30% annually and since 2006, Asia has been the largest trading partner to the Gulf Cooperation Council.
Meanwhile, Hernandez has been moved to a more restrictive jail unit while a fight with another inmate is investigated, Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson told CNN Thursday.
The total number of super-rich -- defined as those with $30 million or more in assets -- grew by almost 5% in 2012 and another 95,000 individuals are set to break that barrier in the next 10 years, it said.
The case was featured on "America's Most Wanted" in July 2000.
Colorado is one of 14 states where medical marijuana is legal by state law -- federal law still bans its use.
Obama's first proposed budget includes $6 billion for cancer research by the National Institutes of Health.
Already there are cancers that respond well to drugs for several years.
"Grimm" centers around Detective Nick Burkhardt (played by David Giuntoli), who in the first episode finds out he's a long lost descendent of the Grimms and is starting to see people for who they really are -- in short, evil.
(CNN) -- Syria's president says he'll welcome the return of U.N. investigators to follow up on more allegations of chemical weapons use in his country.
Rose Kabuye was arrested Saturday at the Frankfurt airport while on a private visit, the ministry said.
That's led to a scramble at gas stations as people try to fill up before the storm hits. iReport.com: Are you in Ike's path?
The news came as the White House announced President Barack Obama will visit the area on April 22, the one month anniversary of the slide, and meet with search crews.
If people value their privacy, they'll vote with their wallets and invest in services that encrypt their data and keep their communications private -- and a few they might ditch their phones altogether.
Sony was helped in the final quarter by a currency market that knocked almost 20 per cent off the yen's value against the dollar and euro compared with the same period a year earlier, amplifying its overseas earnings.
Sony has for some time relied on profits from the banking and insurance operations it owns in Japan to make up for weakness in other businesses.
The company has struggled to compete against South Korean and Taiwanese producers in the era of digital flat-screens, and the operation has been losing money for nearly a decade.
The United States imports billions of dollars in Chinese products each year, while China is a major purchaser of the U.S.
Justin Bieber gets booed
Thai soldiers crossed into the area of the 11th century Preah Vihear temple about 1:40 p.m., said Phay Siphan, secretary of the Cambodian Council of Ministers.
"There were things in there that the gossip line didn't know about!"
The Elizabeth Cross will be given to the next of kin of armed forces personnel killed on operations or as a result of terrorism "as a mark of national recognition for their loss," the Defense Ministry said.
The most prestigious medal, the Victoria Cross, was introduced by Queen Victoria in 1856 for acts of gallantry by the armed forces.
The investigation follows a report by Norway's TV2 claiming that the U.S.
Arrest warrants were also issued against several suspects in Tuscany, Luzzi said.
The congressional delegations led by Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller, R-Florida, visited the Dorn Veterans Administration Medical Center in Columbia, South Carolina, and the Charlie Norwood Medical Facility in Augusta, Georgia, after a CNN investigation that reported patients died as a result of delayed or denied care.
The Veterans Affairs Committee has been looking into problems at VA medical centers for the past year and says the VA administration continues to stonewall and withhold information the congressmen believe is critical to understanding why the VA appears to be run so poorly.
The Palestinians believe construction here would essentially cut the West Bank in half and could also impede access from the West Bank to East Jerusalem, which the Palestinians would like to see as the capital of any future Palestinian State.
Identification is pending for several other sets of remains that have been found.
Confirmation of the driver's death brought Megi's death toll to 14 in Taiwan, its Central News Agency said.
Cpl.
I'm a trained EMS responder," they said, according to Indiana Gov.
(CNN) -- Google India has brokered a groundbreaking two-year deal with Global Cricket Ventures, the licensing partner to the Indian Premier League, giving them exclusive rights to stream live cricket matches from the IPL on YouTube.
Arraignment for the suspect is not yet set, because he is still hospitalized for treatment of injuries inflicted by LL Cool J when he "physically detained" him, she said.
New York (CNN) -- New Jersey Gov.
Laying siege to Government House would be a symbolic victory for the demonstrators.
The world No.
The world No.
World No.
The 27-year-old woman met New York resident John Hopkins on the website Craigslist before spending nine days trapped in his apartment, where she claims she was repeatedly raped, according to a district attorney's statement.
Whether the object in the photo is human remains is still up for debate.
But Hickox, who recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone, says she won't go into town where she lives or public places, even though she's allowed.
A state funeral will be held December 15 in Mandela's ancestral hometown of Qunu in the Eastern Cape province.
"Warm Bodies" opened with a bit less than the 2009 comedy "Zombieland," which debuted with $24.7 million, but its star was in line with the debuts of both Chronicle and The Woman In Black, which opened on Super Bowl weekend last year to $22 million and $20.9 million, respectively.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Rep.
The shooting prompted New York Gov.
Four residents and two police officers were killed and 20 others injured when a suicide bomber struck 10 minutes later, Rauf said.
Kathryn Kalikow, 27, and Brian Whelan, 28, were charged Monday with possession of drugs with intent to sell after allegedly advertising the drugs on Craigslist as "high quality diesel pain relief."
Alan Doss, a United Nations Special Representative for Congo, confirmed the massacre and said the world body was made aware of the attacks in December and confirmed some deaths in January.
The scandal centers on losses of 730 million euros ($975 million) from financial products, details of which were allegedly hidden from regulators.
None of the candidates have been accused of any wrong-doing but McDonnell said local party officials were "all up to their necks in Monte dei Paschi...
Mussari was chairman of Monte dei Paschi from 2006 before stepping down last year after the bank's problems mounted.
Cepheus has already played millions of hands of heads-up limit Texas hold 'em, a poker game between two players involving two held cards and three shared.
(Fast Company) -- An earthquake with a magnitude of 8.9 hit Japan today, resulting in tsunami warnings for 20 countries, as well as California and Hawaii.
Washington (CNN) -- As Democratic Sen.
In its ruling, a three-judge panel on the U.S.
(CNN) -- Boeing is asking pilots who fly its 737 jets to pay careful attention to flight instruments after Dutch investigators said a faulty altimeter contributed to the recent crash of a 737 in the Netherlands.
Aid agencies reported that amid flood warnings, about 200,000 people were evacuated from low-lying areas to community centers and schools on higher ground.
London (CNN) -- The dream is still alive, for the U.S.
London (CNN) -- The dream is still alive, for the U.S.
(Rolling Stone) -- Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins will portray Iggy Pop in the forthcoming film "CBGB," the Hollywood Reporter confirms.
It's unclear how substantial the role will be -- there's a good chance that it's a small part and Hawkins was cast in part because he somewhat resembles the Stooges rocker in his prime.
TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- Typhoon Melor roared into central Japan on Thursday, leaving two people dead and lashing the region with heavy rain and gusty winds.
(CNN) -- Actor and Iraq war veteran J.R.
After the perfection of synthetic rubber in 1945, Ford sold the plantation at a $20 million loss and left Brazil.
The attack set off a chain of events that eventually embroiled all of the world's major powers in the war.
Washington (CNN) -- Air Force Lt.
Four-time grand slam champion Sharapova had not played since crashing out in the second round at Wimbledon in June due to a hip injury.
Currently, there is no legal stipulation for an airline to provide toilets on its aircraft, but Ryanair has not announced a date to implement the plan.
Ivan Cameron, six, passed away early Wednesday, the UK's Press Association reported a Conservative Party spokesman as saying.
The clashes are an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful public protests prompted by Yanukovych's decision in November to spurn a planned trade deal with the European Union and turn toward Russia instead.
Robert, 29, is a sergeant in the U.S.
That episode, "To The Lost," nabbed an Emmy nomination for director Tim Van Patten (amongst its many other nods, including best drama and best actor for Steve Buscemi), but it also signified a tonal shift in how the characters on this Prohibition-era drama would operate in the next season, which kicks off Sunday, September 16 on HBO: no more Mr.
Roxanna Panufnik's "Three Paths to Peace" was performed by the World Orchestra for Peace in Jerusalem.
The South American champions will now face either European Champions League winners Barcelona or Qatari side Al Sadd in Sunday's final.
A day ago this looked like a typical hotel lobby.
The film played to a much broader audience than most young-male-dominated sci-fi films.
Ben Affleck and Justin Timberlake faltered in third place with their new crime drama Runner Runner, which earned a weak $7.6 million in its first three days.
Mann's company published Katherine Jackson's 150-page coffee table book "Never Can Say Goodbye, The Katherine Jackson Story" two years ago and established a website -- MichaelJacksonSecretVault.com -- that the estate argued illegally used Jackson's images and lyrics.
(CNN) -- The founder of the shuttered file-sharing site Megaupload appeared in a New Zealand court Monday, as the U.S.
The rocket had veered off path, causing an emergency system to cut off propulsion.
BOGOTA, Colombia (CNN) -- A key rebel commander and fugitive from a U.S.
Military officials say an explosion tore a hole in the rear of the ship, but the cause of the blast is not known.
Croatia -- a small country of 4.3 million people -- is also battling against chronic unemployment over 18%, with only Greece and Spain having a higher jobless rate.
One major obstacle to foreign investment is Croatia's problems with endemic corruption.
(CNN) -- Livestock producers suffering through one of the most severe droughts in decades will most likely have to wait until Congress returns from its August recess before getting any new federal disaster assistance.
(CNN) -- A House committee voted along party lines to cite Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress over documents sought by the panel investigating the botched gun-running sting called Operation Fast and Furious.
The Hamlin foundation contributes to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation as well as to several children's hospitals that treat kids with this disease.
Meanwhile, New Zealand reached 258-5 on a rain-hit opening day of the one-off Test against tourists Bangladesh in Hamilton.
In 1982, Pendergrass was involved in a car accident that left him paralyzed.
Victims of tainted baby formula are expected to be compensated by the 22 Chinese dairy producers that made the milk.
The U.N. said the soldiers who were responsible for the Bangui attack were Chadian soldiers but not among those who are part of the African-led International Support Mission peacekeeping mission that's trying to stabilize the Central African Republic.
(CNN) -- A few days ago, controversy erupted when news broke that Google and other online advertising companies bypassed privacy protections in order to track users of Apple's Safari web browser and iOS mobile devices.
It's not clear where in Tokyo Noma's pop-up restaurant will appear, nor is it clear what will become of the original venue when the current team are gone.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The commander of a U.S.
The 25-year-old Spaniard -- the No.
Cairo, Egypt (CNN) -- Egyptians go to the ballot boxes on Monday to vote for their fourth president in as many years.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of H.A.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- The Chinese manufacturer of many of Apple's products has denied allegations that it forced students to work on its assembly lines in a last-minute push to ready the iPhone 5, expected to be unveiled Wednesday.
He also was instrumental in bringing soccer's World Cup to South Africa.
In a dissent, Justice Samuel Alito said the majority produced "truly strange results."
The 7-2 majority said the state's voter-approved Proposition 200 interfered with federal law designed to make voter registration easier.
The state called the provision a "sensible precaution" to prevent voter fraud.
Debbie Bosanek, Buffett's longtime secretary, has never publicly questioned the title, and has garnered a bit of fame from her workplace in Omaha, Nebraska.
If you are a Pig, Goat (Sheep), Tiger or Snake, it's best to fast forward to 2014.
Officers arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of Martinique on Wednesday, Lachaux said in an interview with the radio station France Info on Saturday.
The L.A.
However, the FBI and the U.S. attorney's office in Birmingham, Alabama, said Wednesday that the FBI did not supply the money.
Ten of the nation's 27 provinces voted in the referendum Saturday.
(CNN) -- The H1N1 virus has been confirmed in a sample taken from a pig that was displayed at the Minnesota State Fair, the first time the virus has been found in a U.S.
Production on the "Point Break" remake is set to begin in late 2013.
Morgan Harrington, a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student, disappeared in October 2009.
Sen.
As fabulous as it is ludicrous, Welch's animal-skin bikini may be film's most famous bathing suit that never got wet.
There's a particularly bum message about the lives of blue-collar women in the subplot involving Mama's affair with the husband (Matthew Modine) of a woman whose house she cleans.
According to U.S.
A middle school principal in Hazelhurst, Mississippi, who went to his brother's funeral in Africa is now on a weeklong paid vacation.
Souter will leave after the current court term recesses in June, the source said.
Filling Souter's seat would be President Barack Obama's first Supreme Court appointment -- and the first since George W.
Souter, 69, was tapped for the court by President George H.W.
Souter's departure will leave the two oldest justices -- and the most liberal -- still on the bench.
Beckham said the U.S. national captain was "unprofessional" for publicly voicing his opinions, which were reported worldwide from the soon-to-be-published book "The Beckham Experiment" by Sports Illustrated writer Grant Wahl.
"Facebook's new privacy policy is a laudable change," U.S.
Movie producer Michael Todd proposed to Elizabeth Taylor with a massive 30-carat diamond ring.
Jay-Z proposed to Beyonce with an 18-carat diamond ring; the couple married in 2008.
Nick Cannon proposed to pop diva Mariah Carey with a stunning 17-carat emerald-cut pink diamond ring surrounded by 58 pink diamonds.
Previously, the administration only allowed the U.S.
David Kwiatkowski worked in 13 hospitals in eight states between January 2007 and July 2012, when he was arrested in a Massachusetts hotel room "in an intoxicated state," according to court documents.
They fill in gaps in almost every field -- from nurses to physicians to med techs and administrators.
As a pioneer of the mega-church movement, Warren looked to translate traditional evangelical messages for a wider audience.
Sumiati binti Mustapa Salan went to work in Saudi Arabia four months ago to support her family in a small fishing village in Indonesia.
Nineteen-year-old singer and teen heartthrob Justin Bieber -- who was arrested this week in Miami Beach for street racing in a $250,000 Lamborghini while under the influence of alcohol and drugs, driving without a valid license, and resisting arrest -- is not a U.S. citizen.
The U.N. nuclear watchdog will no longer have access at Yongbyon and will not be able to monitor any activities at the nuclear reprocessing facility.
Josiah Allen says his dog, Paco, didn't make it home when he flew recently from Mexico to his home in Seaforth, Canada.
(CNN)A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key after a waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an Auckland cafe.
Kerry spoke at the end of a three-day trip that focused on securing fresh commitments from South Korea, China and Japan for denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula and getting Pyongyang back to the negotiating table.
Strauss-Kahn proclaimed innocence in a resignation letter to the IMF Executive Board late Wednesday.
Dr.
I am a believer of every word I say and I am willing to live in danger under the many threats I receive in order to obtain the real freedom all Egyptian are fighting and dying for daily.
(CNN) -- The World Bank said that it is increasing funding to the war-wracked and drought-stricken Horn of Africa to $1.88 billion from more than $500 million, a generous gesture that coincides with a U.N. mini-summit on the devastated region.
McCain was the presidential nominating speaker in 1996 for Sen.
2008 marks the fourth time the parties have held back-to-back conventions; it also happened in 1912, 1916 and 1956.
No Republican since Richard Nixon has carried Minnesota in a presidential general election -- the longest Democratic streak of any state in the nation.
The coda to last year's "Captain America" set up "The Avengers" and, in turn, "The Avengers" is apparently setting up a "Captain America" sequel.
(CNN) -- Arsenal midfielder Tomas Rosicky has signed a new contract at the Emirates Stadium, the club have announced.
The conservatorship is in effect until June 20, when a hearing is scheduled on whether to make the conservatorship permanent, according to the Los Angeles County Superior Court spokeswoman Patricia Kelly.
But naming a thoroughbred is also a fine art subject to strict international regulations, with the power to both sway punters and shape the horse's legacy.
The Rev.
Do you know a hero?
MEND is one of several militant groups in the Niger Delta that has been battling the government for years over the distribution of the country's oil wealth.
B.B. is short for Blues Boy, part of the name he used as a Memphis disc jockey, the Beale Street Blues Boy.
Read more: U.N. defers decision on military intervention in Mali
Dr.
Dr.
It happened in the Adams Morgan neighborhood in the northwest quadrant of the nation's capital.
FINNEY COUNTY, Kansas (CNN) -- U.S.
Robertson's acting career began after a movie scout saw a photo of him in a Hollywood photo shop's display window.
Robertson was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer just last week while being treated for pneumonia at Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, California, Susan Robertson said.
Editor's note: Rep.
The Grand Prix of the Americas, the second race of the new MotoGP season, takes place Sunday.
In an interview with CNN's Richard Quest, Katainen said the crisis is serving as a "very hard lesson" to many countries inside the 17-nation single currency union.
This includes a banking union regulated by the European Central Bank that will become active in 2014 and the euro-wide rescue fund known as the European Stability Mechanism.
Judy Viger, 33, of Gansevoort is charged with five counts of endangering the welfare of a child, District Attorney James Murphy said in a statement.
Some 636 F/A-18 A through D model Hornets in both the Navy and the Marine Corps are being inspected for stress cracks on a hinge connecting the aileron to the flaps on the back side of the wings, according to Navy spokesmen.
Inspectors started looking at the planes Thursday and have found 15 aircrafts with the problem.
Navy officials said there are no immediate plans to ground the 636 planes.
Global food prices rose 29% in the past year due to weather shocks such as the Russian drought and subsequent export ban, as well as the growing appetite for biofuels and rising demand from emerging economies such as Brazil, India and China.
(CNN) -- Saudi King Abdullah has appointed a woman to the council of ministers for the first time as part of a Cabinet reshuffle, networks including Saudi state-run Channel One reported Saturday.
(EW.com) -- Chuck Lorre's latest vanity card slams an actor as an erratic junkie on his sitcom set who was "impossible to work with."
The 44-year-old firefighter died while heading toward a fire in Teruel province, the regional Aragon government said on its Web site.
Spain is plagued by forest and brush fires every summer, when extremely dry weather sets in along with high temperatures.
Workers are scouring the area with the help of helicopters, fishing boats and jet skis.
Homosexuality is illegal in Zambia and most African countries based on remnants of sodomy laws introduced during the British colonial era and perpetuated by cultural beliefs.
"I wouldn't be here seeking authorization to go ashore if the U.S. government -- perhaps most importantly the president of the United States -- were not behind this resolution," Rice said after the vote.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- A group of Catholic activists gathered in front of a Manhattan cathedral Tuesday for the latest protest over a Vatican reprimand of America's largest organization of Catholic nuns.
Last week, crowds gathered in Cincinnati in a similar protest.
If the reports are true, it would be joining the likes of Apple, Samsung, Google, and others looking to capitalize on a forecasted boom in wearable electronics.
Nearly one in six residents, or 46.9 million people, are Hispanic, according to the U.S.
Nearly one in six residents, or 46.9 million people, are Hispanic, according to the U.S.
The most Latino county in the nation was Los Angeles, with 4.7 million people.
O.J.
In the past six months, the Border Patrol has seized about 500,000 pounds of illegal drugs here, which is 15 percent higher than the previous six months.
(CNN) -- Beijing residents blanketed by smog are pointing to U.S.
Set in a picturesque corner of the Maldive Islands, Ithaa Undersea Restaurant claims to be the world's first all-glass underwater dining establishment.
(CNN) -- Staff Sgt.
(CNN) -- A new video of last year's Asiana Airlines plane crash in San Francisco shows firefighters spotting a 16-year-old Chinese girl lying on the ground, but failing to help her, an attorney for the girl's family charges.
China has around two million people policing public opinion online, according to a state media report that sheds light on the country's secretive internet surveillance operations.
Valle's lawyers argued the former police officer's e-mails and online postings were just "fantasy role-play" and" dark improv theater," but prosecutors said he was "deadly serious."
The election is set for January 22, moved up from October 2013, according to a statement on the Knesset website Tuesday.
Last week, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called for the early election after failing to agree on a budget with his coalition partners, saying the vote should be held "as soon as possible" for the good of the country.
The page appears to be adding thousands of likes by the minute with users also sharing hundreds of comments and links to stories about the news.
Interestingly, the page itself appears to have been setup well prior to tonight as a way to advocate the theory that Bin Laden had actually died long ago.
Nurudeen pretended to be a 57-year-old British engineer working with a multinational company in Nigeria.
"Israel lives on the top of a volcano and the international clock is ticking," she warned, saying the existence of democracy in the Jewish state is under "a great threat"
Word about the case has spread as far as France, where demonstrations were planned Wednesday at the U.S.
Skinner's attorneys maintain that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer.
(CNN) -- South Africa's Caster Semenya has been given the all-clear to compete again as a woman after undergoing a series of gender tests, the International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) announced Tuesday.
The idea of the U.S.
In the lone other European playoff, Iceland -- bidding to become the smallest nation, in population, to reach a World Cup -- hung on for a 0-0 draw against Croatia despite being reduced to 10 men.
The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60, with some people, especially African Americans, at higher risk in their 40s.
Sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneration, as well as cataracts (clouding of the lenses).
He is also chief ocean correspondent at Discovery's Animal Planet and hosted "Ocean's Blue," a Discovery/BBC collaboration last year.
Seventy people, including 62 men and eight women, were rescued, ANSA reported.
Genetics pioneer J.
"We created a new cell.
Supreme Court on Monday reinstated a Michigan man's murder conviction that had been overturned because the victim's dying words were used in the trial.
(CNN) -- U.S.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Now Staff Sgt.
Taylor has neuroblastoma, a cancer that affects the nervous system.
(Rolling Stone) -- Aerosmith have moved the release date for "Music From Another Dimension," their first album in 11 years, back from August 28th to November 6th, frontman Steven Tyler revealed during a call to Cleveland radio station 100.7 WMMS.
Redbox made it possible for legions of supermarket shoppers to pick up a movie on the cheap, without having to make multiple stops.
At $8 a month, Hulu Plus offers instant streaming access to a wealth of TV shows only a day or so after they've originally aired.
A CNN analysis of secret and confidential cables published by WikiLeaks and its media partners reveals U.S.
(CNN)New Jersey Gov.
The country's first deep-fried cheeseburger is making its debut among at least 30 other varieties of hamburgers served by 15 different vendors at the National Hamburger Festival in Akron, Ohio, this weekend.
Critics have argued that the data collection violates privacy rights, and that the government should require warrants to collect such information.
Flights already in the air were not affected by the glitch, which started late Friday night.
"It's a powerful projection of Martin Luther King's personality and achievements.
Giyen Kim, 34, has lost 10 pounds since January 1.
(CNN) -- South Korean golfer K.J.
Army Air Forces 2nd Lt.
The court's decision denied prosecutors an emergency petition to have Terrance Williams, 46, put to death on Wednesday, though the court could decide at a later point to have the execution go forward.
His attorneys have argued that the jurors who convicted Williams more than 25 years ago were told that it was a robbery-homicide case and never learned of the abuse allegations.
Wade Rowland Sanders admitted to having 600 images of minors on his computer, including a video depicting "several prepubescent females engaged in sexual conduct with an adult male and performing oral sex on one another," according to a statement from U.S.
South Korea will now play Uruguay in the second round.
A March 29 letter from Black and Marquez Kelly's lawyer Brian Schall to Ark Music Factory obtained by Rolling Stone alleges that Ark has failed to provide Black with the master recordings of her song and video; has been exploiting her likeness and her song on YouTube, iTunes, Amazon and Ark's website; created an unauthorized "Friday" ringtone; and has been advertising Black as an exclusive Ark recording artist on its website.
The OPCW now has the task of overseeing the destruction of the chemical weapons Syria has declared it has.
As forecasters predict up to 8 inches of snow across a swath of the Southeast that hasn't seen more than an inch of snow in at least a decade -- including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi -- public officials are reacting with a mix of trepidation and helplessness.
"She had no idea who I was," Girardi said in a radio interview Thursday.
In an interview with CNN affiliate ITN, consultant cardiologist Dr.
STDs affect not only individuals' health, but also the economy, the CDC said -- the conditions cost the U.S. health care system as much as $15.3 billion annually.
Sen.
The Muslim Brotherhood has been part of the political scene in Egypt for more than 80 years.
It advocates a move away from secularism, and a return to the rules of the Quran as a basis for healthy families, communities, and states.
The Brotherhood is the oldest and largest opposition group in Egypt.
Its offshoots outside Egypt are markedly more conservative in their views: The Kuwaiti branch is said to oppose the right of women to vote.
World No.
The video shows West kneeling near second base to ask Kardashian to marry him while a large orchestra plays in center field.
President Obama says he chose Ghana partly because of the "democratic commitments" by President Mills.
In her complaint, Thompson says she seeks $70,000 in reimbursement for her tuition and $2,000 to compensate for the stress of her three-month job search.
The World Food Programme said Friday that it is sending a first round of emergency food aid that will provide rations of 400 grams (14 ounces) of maize per day for 14 days.
The surprise, for this veteran of board games, is that "Battleship" is also the rousing, engaging, and emotionally complex action war picture the silly 2001 action war picture "Pearl Harbor" only wished it could be.
He was an actor in the television series "The Sixth Sense" and "Born Free" in the 1970s and "Iron Horse" and "The Wackiest Ship in the Army" in the 1960s.
Since 2003, the World Health Organization has confirmed 404 human cases worldwide.
(CNN) -- Egypt has agreed to allow two Iranian warships to cross through the Suez Canal in a move that puts the country's new military regime in a prickly position with its Israeli neighbor.
(CNN) -- English football star Steven Gerrard has admitted punching a man in a bar, but the Liverpool captain insisted in his court testimony that it was in self-defense.
Over the weekend, "The Avengers" passed "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2" to become the third biggest movie ever globally.
No oil or sheen has been found in the area since August 4, NOAA said in a statement.
The bank is located in Gamarra, Lima's textile and garment district, a poor part of the city with a high crime rate.
Lebanon accused Mawlawi of being an operative in an al Qaeda-inspired group -- something his relatives deny.
In response, the Army later this month will field-test two new camouflage color schemes and patterns on about 1,000 soldiers in Afghanistan, where the terrain is extremely varied.
The Army hopes to have the field input and a decision on what pattern is best by the end of January 2010 and the fielding of the new uniform as early as June 2010.
Dee became known to a younger generation with roles in two Spike Lee films.
U.S.
"Is crying becoming a 'thing' for Republicans?" asked @libgrrrl Thursday night.
The LGBT group GOProud threw a Tuesday night party called "Homocon," that included go-go dancers and a velvet rope.
The Twitter account @ClintsChair has more than 2,000 followers and continued tweeting through the night, taking responsibility at one point for Eastwood's ramblings.
Several photos of a man wearing what appeared to be a cowboy hat made of a Yuengling beer case earned salutes, praise and a few questions.
A North Carolina National Guardsman and Iraq war veteran, she was married to her longtime love, National Guard Staff Sgt.
"The big funders love it.
"What the Chicago teachers have done is say enough is enough," he said.
Do you know a hero?
In Germany, Bayern Munich were back in business in the Bundesliga as they rallied to beat Stuggart 2-1 and stretch their unbeaten league run to an astonishing 43 matches.
(CNN) -- David Nalbandian was disqualified in the ATP Queen's Club final Sunday for angrily kicking down an advertising board and injuring a court side official.
(CNN) -- Last August, then-Republican presidential nominee John McCain introduced to the nation his surprise pick for vice president, Alaska Gov.
Bulger is accused of 19 killings and 13 counts of extortion and money laundering during a 20-year "reign of terror" that defined South Boston from the early '70s through 1995, when Bulger fled Boston.
Haq -- known as one of the spiritual leaders of the Taliban movement -- met with Karzai during the final day of the Afghan president's visit to Pakistan.
U.S.
The Japanese government issued a ban on flying with South Korea's flagship airline, advising Japanese officials to refrain from flying with Korean Air in July.
"Batman has lost another father," Batman movie producer Michael Uslan said.
"I wanted a very strong villain, because I thought that's going to carry the story," Robinson said.
Crowdsource.
Aboud Rogo Mohammed was accused of supporting Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia and was blacklisted by the United States and the United Nations Security Council.
(CNN) -- O.J.
The questions come as Iraqi and U.S. officials welcomed what they have called in recent weeks a new phase in the American-Iraqi partnership.
In fact, Obama failed to get any of his top 2013 State of the Union priorities through Congress.
Beamon was inducted into the U.S.
Like an instantly recognizable dorsal fin, the Tiburon in its third incarnation is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster that won't bust a first-time buyer's wallet, though it may chew a hole in the seat of their pants as they're pushed back into those tight-hugging bucket seats.
Much like the fantastic Chevy Cobalt SS, its younger sister Pontiac G5 GT boasts highly sprung motoring at a price that appeals to the first-time buyer's wallet.
(CNN) -- Maria Sharapova landed the Toray Pan Pacific Open title in Tokyo on Saturday as her final opponent Jelena Jankovic was forced to retire injured in the first set.
The Urbi et Orbi address is customarily political and global, as its name indicates.
It is Latin and means "to the city (of Rome) and to the world."
(CNN) -- Manor GP are to be rebranded Virgin Racing ahead of their Formula One debut next season.
(Financial Times) -- The global manufacturing sector is in the worst shape since the summer of 2009 as slowing economic growth and the deepening eurozone crisis take their toll on the world's factories.
Kunkun -- a pseudonym used to protect his identity -- was expelled from school and ostracized by members of the community after he was diagnosed in 2011, said the People Daily's newspaper.
In a pre-emptive move, West Virginia state Rep.
Moscow, Russia (CNN) -- Russian officials say a terrorist explosion is the most likely cause of the derailment of an express train which killed at least 26 people and injured dozens more.
-- A closed-door meeting of the U.N.
"I am the president of Honduras and I'll stay here in the Brazilian embassy as long as it takes," he said.
A tireless worker, Ndume reckons that she and her team have so far restored the sight of more than 20,000 people.
A former U.S. intelligence official identified the man earlier this week as Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi.
London (CNN) -- David Bowie will release another album featuring new material, his long-time producer Tony Visconti has told CNN, in a revelation that will delight the singer's legions of fans.
Visconti played down any suggestion that Bowie might tour the new material.
(CNN) -- Louisiana Gov.
Confronting the impulse to pander to social conservative populists is necessary to fix "the stupid party."
Based on what happened at last week's taping, the episode that airs tonight should be a doozy of an hour that will delve into the drama around Willam's surprising early exit from the season; award one queen the Miss Congeniality award (you might be able to guess who, but I'm not telling you...); and, of course, finally crown Chad Michaels, Sharon Needles, or Phi Phi O'Hara as America's Next Drag Superstar.
That's essentially the case of Sgt.
Crews late Friday found the bodies of Daniel Patrick Noel, 47, and Ethan Joel Schorr, 38, both of Spring Creek, Nevada, Barrick Gold Corp. said in a statement.
When meat is cooked -- and charred -- at high temperatures over an open flame, a reaction occurs that causes the formation of two chemicals: heterocyclic amines (HCAs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
Police say Jutting called them to the apartment early on November 1.
(CNN) -- Cesc Fabregas is to move from Arsenal to European champions Barcelona, both clubs confirmed Sunday.
The violence comes as Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto pushes a new strategy aimed at focusing more on dealing with social and economic issues that fuel the drug trade and less on combating cartels head-on.
(CNN) -- Former world champion Ricky Hatton has had his boxing license revoked after damaging revelations about his personal life.
The April 5 blast at the Upper Big Branch Mine was the worst U.S.
Officials in Lauderdale County, Mississippi, have operated "a school-to-prison pipeline" that violates the constitutional rights of juveniles by incarcerating them for alleged school disciplinary infractions, some as minor as defiance, the U.S.
With Europe doubling their one-point lead to 7-5 after Saturday's morning foursomes matches at Killeen Castle, the U.S.
No formal public events will be held until five days after Mandela's death when tens of thousands of people are expected to converge on the FNB Stadium, known as Soccer City in Soweto for a memorial service.
Washington (CNN) -- Louisiana Sen.
"I take full responsibility.
About 1.55 million students will be affected, 850,000 of them in elementary school, Notimex said.
(CNN) -- Golf's governing bodies have ruled that the use of controversial anchored putters will be banned from 2016, following several months of consultation that drew strong U.S.
NATO's mission in Afghanistan is a litmus test for the future of NATO, say some experts.
"If there is not an indictment, excuse my French, all hell is going to break loose."
Samsung says it will put the VoIP calling service Skype as an application on its televisions, allowing phone calls to be made on camera right from a couch, just like Jane Jetson talking into her TV set.
We're almost certain there will be a front-facing camera for FaceTime and other webchat applications, but I really don't care.
The 30-pin dock connector is one of the worst things Apple has made (the other is "all mice it has ever created").
There were no immediate reports of any U.S.
(EW.com) -- Sara Gilbert is engaged to rock musician Linda Perry -- a surprise development she described in full today on "The Talk."
Perry is the former lead singer of 4 Non-Blondes and has produced several hit songs for Pink, Gwen Stefani and Christina Aguilera.
In 2011, Gilbert, 38, addressed her split from TV producer Allison Adler on "The Talk."
The attack happened April 16 as the two Delta employees rode a southbound train toward Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, police have said.
The parliamentarians were on their way to a national conference on security when the bomb, hidden under one of the car's seats, exploded.
Aubrey "Lee" Price, 46, is charged with wire fraud, and is suspected of defrauding more than 100 investors of at least $17 million over the course of two years, a criminal complaint from the U.S. attorney's office in the Eastern District of New York, said.
(CNN) -- Dr.
Zumba is a Latin-inspired dance fitness class that blends booty shaking with international music and an intense calorie burn.
The Japan Meteorological Agency said no tsunami alert has been issued.
In historical context, NBC says The Blacklist is NBC's most-watched new drama eight weeks into its run in 19 years (since Earth 2 in 1994).
#CrimingWhileWhite became Twitter's highest trending topic in the United States and a trending topic worldwide as protests continued Thursday morning over a New York grand jury's decision not to indict a white police officer in the chokehold death of Eric Garner, a black man suspected of illegally selling cigarettes on the sidewalk.
The town of Hinkley became famous from the Oscar winning film "Erin Brockovich" starring Julia Roberts.
Andrew Jenks is a 24-year-old documentary filmmaker who first got attention when he was a sophomore at NYU for his film "Andrew Jenks, Room 335."
The news wasn't quite as good for the latest addition to the nation's most exclusive fraternity: George W.
On Wednesday, Paul McCartney refuted media accounts about the fate of the Beatles song catalog, which Jackson co-owned.
Freshwater was also reprimanded several times for refusing to move his Bible from his classroom desk and teaching creationism alongside evolution, according to the 15-page independent report.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Claims by Diana's former butler that he knew a mysterious "secret" about the late princess have been trashed by the coroner in her inquest.
The coroner said the revelation is "fairly and squarely in the public domain" and that some of the information appeared in Burrell's book "The Way We Were."
In the video, Alonso cradles a small, sweater-clad lapdog she calls Tequila as she translates, and oftentimes reinterprets, Donnelly's views on a wide range of issues.
(CNN) -- Tuesday's deadly suicide attack targeting Afghan Shia just didn't fit the pattern of what had come before in this troubled country.
The interior ministry here points its finger at the Taliban, despite an effusive denial from spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid.
Bartoli won eight WTA titles during a 13-year professional career, reaching the quarterfinals of the Australian and U.S.
Touch sensitivity is very responsive, and the swipe controls work great.
Deaths caused by large constrictor snakes like pythons are fairly rare.
Next month, Croatia, one of the countries to emerge from the wreckage of Yugoslavia in the 1990s, will become the 28 member of the EU after completing the accession process.
Littlejohn was charged with murder after investigators linked his DNA to blood found on plastic ties used to bind St.
At issue is a classic tug of war between the executive and legislative branches of government -- specifically whether a federal law that explicitly directs the State Department how to record the birthplace of an American citizen on a passport impermissibly infringes on the president's power to recognize a foreign sovereign.
Schalke are hot on the heels of the leaders after they cruised to a 4-1 win at Eintracht Frankfurt to close the gap to two points thanks to goals from Joel Matip, Benedikt Howedes Ivan Rakitic and Kevin Kuranyi.
Their deaths bring to 2,328 the number of Americans who have died since the Afghan war began in October 2001.
But the commitment endures, newly appointed White House press secretary Josh Earnest said in an interview on CNN's "Reliable Sources" on Sunday.
Morales has said "sacred" coca in its raw state is not an addictive drug and emphasizes that it has had a legitimate medical purpose for hundreds of years.
In the past decade, heat has been the second-leading cause for weather-related fatalities, the service said.
But contrary to some reports, Fukuda said, the WHO has not seen big mutations in the virus since it first emerged.
The World Economic Forum is strictly by invitation only, with 2,500 participants representing over 100 countries.
President Bush nominated Lt.
By law women are excluded from combat jobs, the typical path to four-star rank in the military.
News about the resignation of Dr.
The meeting comes after the United Nations sent a humanitarian mission to Syria this weekend to look for effects of President Bashar al-Assad's protest crackdown.
The SCOOT system already regulates London's traffic flows and has been credited with cutting delays by 12% in the capital.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Coalition troops on Monday formally handed over security control of Iraq's Anbar province -- once the hub of the country's Sunni insurgency, to Iraqis on Monday.
Hinting that he might not return is a reminder by the Dalai Lama to Beijing that time is running out if it wants to avoid a lengthy dispute once he dies.
It follows government advice not to share "common vessels" for food or drink so as not to spread the virus.
The Earth is sprinkled with around 170 craters also caused by debris falling from space.
Korean envoys' visit comes on heels of former President Clinton's trip to N.
To sum it up, the Kremlin appears to have no taste for any drastic economic measures and will continue to pursue the line that Western sanctions hurt not just Russia but the West as well.
But it's her bitter political rival Texas Gov.
Ronald Homer, 30, fell during a Braves-Phillies baseball game on August 12.
Homer's was the second such death at an Atlanta sporting venue in the last year or so.
Martin Luther King, Jr. was born on January 15, 1929, in Atlanta, Georgia
France was eliminated from the World Cup on Tuesday after a 2-1 loss to tournament host South Africa.
Nigeria's military began clearing the western Niger Delta region last week, its first major operation against the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta, an armed militant group that demands a better distribution of the country's oil wealth.
Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana.
(CNN) -- A Nepalese journalist who reported on women's rights and wrote several articles criticizing the dowry system was hacked to death in her room, a media rights group said Monday.
Short-term memory loss is the hallmark early symptom of Alzheimer's.
These signs often become noticeable in the workplace before anywhere else.
About half the scheduled flights at Paris' Charles de Gaulle Airport have been canceled because of the strike, the airport said.
About 2,000 flights across Europe were canceled Tuesday, the first day of the strike, the air traffic agency Eurocontrol said.
(CNN) -- Last year's world champion Lewis Hamilton has claimed pole position for Sunday's inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix while his successor as Formula One's top driver, Jenson Button, qualified fifth.
The 2011 Formula One season will now begin in Melbourne, Australia on March 27.
(CNN) -- New court documents released Friday in the Colorado movie theater shooting reveal that suspect James Holmes "had conversations with a classmate about wanting to kill people" months before the July 20 massacre.
(CNN) -- Arizona has temporarily halted executions after the prolonged death of a convicted killer during an execution described by Sen.
"The notices are for builders to bid on contracts to construct projects," spokesman Arik Ben Shimon said.
It's a catch-cry that's making a comeback in this U.S.
Sharapova lost to world No.
Attacks and counterattacks between the two sides are a frequent occurrence but appear to have escalated in the past two days.
World No.
According to research conducted in 2012 by the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor, over 80% of people in Nigeria and Uganda see opportunities for starting businesses.
Trichomonas affects 174 million people around the world each year, and, at any given time, about 3 percent of younger men are infected with trichomonas; it is most common in men ages 25 to 39.
Under Newsome, the Ravens have reached the playoffs seven times (including the last five seasons), and they've made three trips to the American Football Conference title game.
In fact, 20 minutes of knitting can lower your heart rate and blood pressure -- the same physical response triggered by yoga, Tai Chi, or meditation.
Tennis' world No.
Toluca, Mexico (CNN) -- For decades, Richard St.
Toluca, Mexico (CNN) -- For decades, Richard St.
Do you know a hero?
Internet addiction may be not as widespread in the U.S. -- or at least not as well recognized -- as in Asian countries.
Rescuers found another 15 bodies floating on the nearby island of Ilha Grande, officials said.
• Above all, emphasize that the grown-ups are in charge and that kids are safe, especially if they've caught wind of retribution fears.
Former detainees and the family of a slain Iraqi contend at least 20 people were killed and others were abused at Camp Abu Naji after a fight between British soldiers and Iraqi insurgents.
(CNN)Grammy-award winning rapper Macklemore and fiancée Tricia Davis are expecting their first child in May, the couple announced Saturday.
If Cuban intelligence didn't do it, then Sen.
Numerous intense studies have been carried out over the years, using high-tech equipment, all in the effort to discover whether he had indeed uttered that one little sound.
Eight people -- two suspected Taliban militants and six civilians -- died in the operation in the Khyber Agency that involved military helicopter gunships, according to Pakistani intelligence sources.
An investigation encompassing everything from fake NFL game jerseys to counterfeit Super Bowl tickets ended with more than $17 million worth of items seized and 41 people arrested, according to U.S.
All three were interviewed by police last week under caution, meaning police believed they may have committed a crime.
Passionate about his country, El Nabawy was one of the first prominent voices in Egypt to come out in support of the 2011 revolution that resulted in the removal of former president Hosni Mubarak.
Washington (CNN) -- The Obama administration on Monday announced a 20-year ban on new mining claims on more than 1 million acres of public land near the Grand Canyon, a move meant to protect the iconic landmark from new uranium mining.
Conservation groups cheered the decision, which was slammed by Arizona Gov.
(CNN) -- A grand jury in Ohio has indicted suspected serial stabber Elias Abuelazam on charges of attempted murder and assault in an attack on a church janitor in Toledo.
It should be noted, however, that AT&T was the first carrier to introduce the tiered data plan structure to customers, setting the trend for other carriers to follow suit thereafter.
Verizon eliminated its unlimited data plan in July and now offers 2 GB for $30/month, 5 GB for $50 monthly and 10 GB for $80 monthly.
The vote was called to fill seats vacated by the promotion of parliamentarians to the Cabinet and other posts last year.
Beijing (CNN) -- Li Keqiang on Friday was named China's premier, the No.
(CNN) -- A man convicted of running a charity scam that stole millions of dollars intended for Navy veterans was sentenced in an Ohio courtroom Monday to 28 years in prison -- including solitary confinement on every Veterans Day during that span -- the Ohio attorney general's office said.
"The [USTA] approached our concerns with a true spirit of partnership, and as president of the ATP Player Council I am personally grateful for their support," five-time U.S.
The arrivals will take place away from the commercial passenger terminals on the huge airport property.
It is being built for the U.S.
As with Putin today in Ukraine, Hitler in 1938 in Austria based his claim on the need to protect fellow ethnics.
Some scientists disagree over dispersants' ability to break down the oil faster than it would naturally decompose.
(CNN) -- Ryder Hesjedal became the first Canadian to win one of cycling's three major tours as he claimed victory in the Giro d'Italia Sunday.
Scott, the first Australian to ever wear the famous green jacket, defeated Argentina's Angel Cabrera on the second hole of the playoff after both men finished at nine-under on an enthralling day at Augusta.
Demjanjuk, 91, was found guilty last May in a German court of assisting in mass murder as a guard at the Nazi-run Sobibor death camp in German-occupied Poland, and sentenced to five years in prison.
In a statement outside Downing Street Monday, Brown announced he would stand down as Labour leader in the autumn and allow a contest for his replacement to begin now.
(CNN) -- Barack Obama has come in at eighth in a list of golf-playing American presidents, higher than both George Bush and Ronald Reagan.
(CNN) -- Two-time Formula One world champion Fernando Alonso has signed a three-year deal with Ferrari that will keep him at the Italian motorsport giants until 2016.
Mwanwhile, MotoGP could be set to expand for the 2012 season.
Sony Pictures Animation's $85 million Adam Sandler-voiced effort "Hotel Transylvania" jumped two spots into second place with $9.5 million in its fifth weekend.
The Government of Nepal does not plan to evacuate tourists to Kathmandu at this time," the U.S.
Aircraft have been unable to fly in or out of the airport in Lukla, where supplies are limited, according to the U.S.
So far, the iPhone Google Maps app lacks this traffic-avoiding feature, but it's probably coming soon.
About 18,000 people have arrived by sea in Italy so far this year, while in 2013, the number of arrivals was near 43,000, the UNHCR said.
The blaze hit a carrot packaging facility late Sunday in Shouguang City, Shandong province, China's state news agency Xinhua reported, citing local authorities.
The country's population has swelled, with the U.N.
An instant hit with Chinese netizens, Pandaman went viral online within a few hours, generating countless comments and inspiring colorful imitations.
Recounting his initial fear of official reprisals, Wang says he's since moved on and now feels undeterred by the potential consequences of his work -- and Pandaman hasn't prompted another "Pandamen" visit, yet.
Obama spoke after Connecticut Sen.
The number of states offering same-sex marriages has surged since the U.S.
"The plan is to do 30 dates this fall," he tells Rolling Stone.
The plan is to play mostly large theaters, as opposed to arenas and amphitheaters.
While in prison, Mandela became recognized as the most significant black leader in South Africa, and he became a potent symbol of resistance in the anti-apartheid movement.
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (CNN) -- Hugh Masekela is the legendary South African musician whose songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid.
Disney Studios named Jones a "Disney Legend" in 2000 in recognition of his work on the iconic film.
"At the time, 'Pinocchio' was just a job," Jones said at the time of induction.
A Ministry of Defence spokesman confirmed that Lance Corp.
Isabella Yun-Mi Guzman, 18, is being held without bond at the Arapahoe County Jail in the August 28 stabbing death of her mother, Yun-Mi Hoy, 47.
Hofl-Riesch ended up third and Vonn's U.S.
The U.S.
Hussain is a close ally of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Bright Star -- next month's joint U.S.-Egyptian military exercise -- would have involved thousands of American air and ground forces.
The case highlights rising tensions between anti-whaling activists and Japanese officials.
(CNN) -- It's been more than a week since Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 seemingly vanished into thin air.
The story of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has dominated headlines and social media since it broke.
(CNN) -- A Singapore man undergoing treatment for cancer was detained for four hours by U.S.
Fuller, meanwhile, says the FAA should be able to release the actual number of laid off construction workers, making estimates unnecessary.
"Born Villain" is the eighth studio album by the inveterate provocateur, but Manson said he's dropped any expectation of people knowing his oeuvre until this point.
At just 19 years old, she is one of the most successful recording artists of the decade in the United States.
But as "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn -- Part I" opens in theaters today, we're recounting 10 other (tongue firmly in cheek) lessons we've culled from the series, themes that have been carried from Stephenie Meyer's best-selling novels onto the big screen.
President Obama and his family are scheduled to arrive Sunday for a vacation at Martha's Vineyard.
The highlight undoubtedly came in 2005 when a Flintoff-inspired England won the Ashes back from Australia, the first time they had beaten their rivals in 18 years.
On stage he uses an iPad with a text-to-voice app.
I suggest to Ridley that his act creates a dilemma for audiences: in normal circumstances it would be offensive for people to laugh at someone's disability but Lost Voice Guy invites his audience to laugh along with him at his own disability
The money -- about $84,500 -- will go to the nonprofit program that provides free after-school care for students at more than 200 elementary and middle schools in at-risk communities in four California counties -- Orange, Los Angeles, Riverside and San Bernardino.
(CNN Student News) -- Students will learn about political parties in the United States.
Shortly before his death, he had moderated a discussion about the film "Citizenfour."
Recommended tanning exposure times are exceeded by 95% of indoor tanners, according to a report published Tuesday in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine.
Showdog.com allows you to enter a virtual simulation dog show league.
Web-based E-wrestling federations allow you to draft a stable of grapplers and then receive points for their performance in the ring and appearances on broadcasts.
Krystal Square Off offers fantasy eating leagues for four to seven teams that allow you to score points based on how many mini hamburgers your roster can wolf down.
Japanese fishermen have captured a rare albino dolphin and killed 11 other dolphins in a shallow cove, according to conservation activists protesting the hunt.
A spate of recent violent incidents has rocked Xinjiang, a resource-rich region long inhabited by the Turkic-speaking, largely Muslim Uyghurs.
While the Italian National Olympic Committee worked with Ferrari, the U.S. two-men bobsleigh team benefited from its collaboration with BMW.
Kasem, 82, is suffering from Lewy body disease -- a common cause of dementia, a spokesman for his daughter told CNN on Tuesday.
The company found 55% of traffic volume in North America is consumed on game consoles, set-top boxes, smart TVs and mobile devices.
The Guardian is estimated to have damaged about 4,000 square meters (about 43,000 square feet) of the reef, a UNESCO World Heritage site that is home to about 500 species of fish and 350 species of coral, as well as whales, dolphins, sharks, turtles and breeding seabirds.
The campaign, called "Can You Solve This?" publicizes a QR code which, when scanned by smart phones, directs people to a website with an animated video.
The FAA is currently investigating the incident.
Facebook has 1.1 billion users worldwide and remains the most popular social network among U.S.
"My platform is gone.
Though 2,498 confirmed deaths linked to the H1N1 virus had been reported to the CDC as of January 30, the agency estimates that between 8,330 and 17,160 people actually have died from H1N1.
In comparison, the CDC says that in a regular flu season, about 36,000 people in the United States die from seasonal flu, with 90 percent of the deaths usually occurring in people age 65 and older.
(CNN) -- Paolo Guerrero scored twice as Hamburg took over top spot in the German Bundesliga on goal difference from Bayer Leverkusen after a 3-1 victory against bottom club Cologne on Sunday.
Scott spent the next 12 years of his life behind bars before being exonerated in 2009 after another man confessed to the crime.
The Nokia Lumia 900, which will be in stores April 8 for the tidy sum of $99.99 (with contract), is by far the best Windows Phone ever made.
The Ivory Coast was once one of Africa's success stories, but a 2002 civil war plunged the nation into political instability.
The two-year survival rate was 30% among the 117 patients taking metformin and just 15% among 185 patients not on the drug.
(Mashable) -- The enormously popular "Angry Birds" game for iOS and Android just got 30 new levels with a chance to find one more, and the update is free.
Saturday marks the 25th anniversary of the original Macintosh, the first personal computer to draw masses, introduce the mouse and incorporate a graphical user interface, relying on images instead of text.
Dorner was in the Navy and is trained in counterinsurgency and intelligence, the source said.
One in four people living with HIV is a woman.
Iran has blamed Jundallah for carrying out deadly bombings, abductions and targeted killings in the southeastern Sistan-Balochistan province, which borders Pakistan.
Meanwhile, Russian Dementieva ran out of steam in the final set to go down 7-6 2-6 6-1 to Czech qualifier Petra Cetkovska -- ensuring only 17 of the 32 seeded women failed to make it out of the second round.
Tim Pawlenty at 6 percent and Indiana Rep.
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash with the help of Miami-Dade police, Detective Roy Rutland said.
Hubbard was named a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master in 2006.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- There are many superficial similarities between the worlds of the military and business, something Captain Robert M.
She donated her Wimbledon prize money to the Sichuan earthquake relief fund and spent time helping the victims and reconstruction efforts.
I believe that we're at a point where we can say that we see light at the end of the tunnel," West Virginia Gov.
A total of 10 people have been admitted to three hospitals, none in serious or critical condition, and 169 patients have been treated and released from emergency rooms, Bowling said.
(CNN) -- Rory McIlroy says he is happy to go into next month's Masters "under the radar" after losing his world No.
In a statement, TripAdvisor said it deplored the practice of fining its users.
On October 13, Joshua Komisarjevsky was convicted of 17 charges, including three counts of murder, four counts of kidnapping and charges of burglary, arson and assault, in the deaths of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her daughters, Hayley Petit, 17, and Michaela Petit, 11.
While this broad definition may make the term seem like just another empty business buzzword -- developing a personal brand can actually be a great get-ahead strategy for both job seekers and those looking to advance their careers.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Gen.
"It was just great to see my family relieved," Cassim, who was released last week, told CNN's "New Day" on Wednesday about his first day home in the United States.
(Health.com) -- A drug widely used to treat mild Alzheimer's disease appears to provide no benefit to this group of early stage patients, according to a new analysis of previously conducted research.
Nearly one-fifth of all people with mild Alzheimer's received the drug in 2006, and the rates may be far higher in some hospitals and practices, according to the study, which appears in the journal Archives of Neurology.
Democratic Sen.
(CNN) -- B.J.
The governing coalition is committed to sacking 15,000 civil servants by the end of 2014 under the bailout terms.
Daniel Hauser can remain with his parents, but he will have to start the treatments Thursday at Children's Hospital in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and his parents will have to comply with the doctor's treatment schedule, said District Court Judge John Rodenberg, who is overseeing the case.
The NCAA contends that athletes are paid in the form of a free education, something that holds a lot of value both immediately and in the future.
Other notable film roles were in "My Cousin Vinny" in 1992 and "The Game" in 1997.
More recently, he was Frank Matheson in eight episodes of "Homeland."
Both the U.S.
"We strongly condemn this despicable attack," Wang Chuan, the consulate spokesman, told reporters during a news briefing outside the consulate.
(CNN) -- Reclusive author J.D.
London will host a meeting of the Group of 20 nations in April.
Pope Benedict XVI will travel to Mexico for the first time Friday.
The reigning U.S.
Proofpoint said the attack occurred between December 23 and January 6, and featured waves of malicious e-mail targeting businesses and individuals worldwide.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- California is poised to become home to the nation's first truly high-speed rail system with Gov.
The use of solar power now provides up to 50 percent of the energy needed at the station and is estimated to reduce carbon emissions by 511 tonnes per year.
In New York, a representative of Ban Ki-moon said the U.N.
Lt.
(CNN) -- The daughter of deposed Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi asked international prosecutors to begin investigating her father's and brother's deaths as possible war crimes in a letter submitted Wednesday to the United Nations Security Council.
Aisha Gadhafi, who fled to Algeria in August 2011, asked International Criminal Court Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo last year to open an investigation.
Nicaragua President Daniel Ortega expressed disappointment in U.S.
The bill would reduce nationwide greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent by 2020 and 83 percent by 2050 through a so-called "cap-and-trade" program under which companies would buy and sell emissions credits.
That's when Pope Gregory III, born in Syria, ended his 10-year reign.
For two days now, we've asked questions, many of which have not yet been fully answered," Sen.
Arson is thought responsible for all the destruction in the towns of Marysville and Kinglake.
Good behavior rules and jail overcrowding guidelines add up to a sharp reduction in actual time served for county inmates, Whitmore said.
Brown was taken into custody at the Van Nuys, California, courthouse at 9:10 a.m., Whitmore said.
The country has seen a 52% of increases in cases in just the past three weeks.
And while it's the fourth GOP debate so far this cycle, it's the first to include Texas Gov.
Johnson also condemned attempts in Europe to build financial trading hubs away from London.
Staples Easy 3D will launch in the Netherlands and Belgium in the first quarter of 2013, and will be rolled out to other countries shortly afterword.
After a long period of quiet in its ongoing "Troubles" between Catholics and Protestants, Northern Ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent months.
Al Shabaab is on the U.S.
London (CNN) -- One year ago, Lord Justice Leveson delivered his damning report on the "culture, practices and ethics" of the British press.
Former President George W.
North Korea is accused of widespread religious persecution and the United States claims its few state-run churches exist simply to give the appearance of religious freedom.
If finalized, the deal -- dubbed the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership -- would be the biggest bilateral trade agreement ever negotiated.
George is free on unconditional bail and is not barred from traveling as he awaits trial, his management said.
A resounding boom over Tucson, Arizona, roused residents from their dinner tables Tuesday and had them pointing up to the sky.
Libya has taken steps to arrest those responsible for last week's deadly consulate attack, bringing in dozens for questioning over the weekend, Libyan officials said.
There will be no dogs, no support team.
ETA is listed as a terrorist group by United States and the European Union.
Rep.
"No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change," the President told me.
He credits the Clean Air Act with making Americans "a lot" healthier, in addition to being able to "see the mountains in the background because they aren't covered in smog."
The war is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide of the early 1990s, when hundreds of thousands of Rwandans were killed in ethnic battles between minority Tutsi and majority Hutu.
The sign reading "Arbeit Macht Frei" -- German for "Work Sets You Free" -- was emblematic of the Nazi camps of World War II.
All the squats Kern visited were in former commercial premises.
The 31-year-old Zanotti -- who earlier this year became the first Paraguayan to win on the European Tour -- was on the 16th fairway when he was hit by Alexandre Kaleka's shot from the 14th tee.
Texas Gov.
Shellie N.
"If I did not love America, I wouldn't have moved here from Kenya," Obama later countered in a joking reference to unsubstantiated theories that he wasn't born in the United States.
Stancil is accused of killing an employee Monday at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
He has already been ruled out of Spain's Euro 2012 qualifiers at home to Lithuania on Friday and away to Scotland on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, Brazil defender Alex will miss the international friendlies against Iran on Thursday and Ukraine on Monday after injuring his thigh in Chelsea's win over Arsenal on Sunday.
The Chinese air force controls the vast majority of the country's increasingly crowded airspace, leaving only narrow corridors for commercial airliners to take off, land and navigate -- and even those passages can be closed with little advance warning when the military conducts exercises.
Armstrong announced last year that he was returning to competitive biking and would use the Spanish race as a warm-up for the Tour de France, which he won seven times before retiring in 2005.
(CNN) -- St.
But even at 235 pounds, Garcia didn't think her weight was a problem -- until she couldn't fit into her "fat shorts" anymore.
Hoffman LLC designed and built the monastery at a cost of $246 per square foot, or just over $7.5 million for demolition through construction.
Rep.
A lone gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School last December, killing 20 children and six educators before taking his own life.
She claimed ownership over the original screenplay and the subsequent rights to the story.
Iraq's Ministry of Justice maintains that the judicial system is "fair and just."
Jackson was expected to earn $50 million from the London shows.
The tanker explosion occurred near Molo, a small town in the Rift Valley Province -- about 130 kilometers (80 miles) from the capital, a spokesman for the Kenyan police said.
Nearly 1 million people were evacuated from Fujian and Zhejiang provinces as Morakot approached.
And if he did not -- if he thought she was a burglar, as he insists -- did he act as a reasonable person would have?
"Quite frankly, I'm very optimistic we're going to get this episode behind us," GOP Sen.
The confusion apparently stemmed from a U.S. law passed in 2011 that prevents NASA funds from being used to collaborate with China or to host Chinese visitors at its facilities.
Bill Clinton won Colorado in 1992, but lost it in 1996.
(CNN) -- AC Milan coach Leonardo does not want unsettled midfielder Gennaro Gattuso to leave the club during the winter transfer market.
"I would not ask our Marines to live with someone that's homosexual if we can possibly avoid it," Marine Commandant Gen.
"I only go for one reason and one reason only ... because I love my daughter and I will always love her," Keith Hudson said.
"I'm sure that Katy's trending on the Internet was to get you here to church tonight," Mary Hudson said in her opening remarks.
Some of the usual anniversary observances will be held on Sunday to remember the 191 people killed and more than 1,800 wounded in the terrorist attacks on morning rush-hour commuter trains on March 11, 2004.
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia also will be able to see the eclipse, but it won't be visible in Greenland, Iceland, Europe, Africa or the Middle East.
The waif-like daughter of singer Lionel Richie pleaded guilty Friday to driving under the influence of drugs and was sentenced to four days in jail.
Richie rose to fame as hotel heiress Paris Hilton's co-star on the reality series "The Simple Life."
He added teachers can ban their exams from the site if they don't want students sharing them online.
While the Codex contains all of the New Testament, it also includes part of the Old Testament and originally contained the entire text of the Christian Bible.
Jabbar Yawer, spokesman for Iraq's Kurdish Regional Government security forces, said at least 16 rounds were fired on Dashti Barzji -- an uninhabited area in Iraq's Irbil province located about 12 miles from Iraq's border.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Blind women are being trained to use their sensitive touch to help detect breast cancer earlier and more precisely than doctors.
No one was really surprised when Jamie Lynn Spears broke off her shotgun engagement to baby daddy Casey Aldridge.
When psychoanalyst Joyce McFadden posed this question to hundreds of women in an online survey that began in 2006, she was surprised by their answers: Half of the respondents wanted to know more about their mothers' sexuality.
From my guidebook, I know that Stockholm is built on 14 islands that separate the Baltic Sea from Lake Mälaren, earning it the nickname "Venice of the North."
(CNN) -- A Sudanese plane that was hijacked shortly after taking off from Nyala in the country's Darfur region, presumably by rebels, has landed in Kufra, Libya, said Sudan's ambassador to the United States.
New Jersey citizens -- and Whitney fans and haters alike -- have been debating this question since Gov.
"This is robbery.
Gruesome photos from the scene show the man facing up, with his arms out to the side.
Michelle Obama's 2009 inaugural gown of white silk chiffon is a centerpiece of the exhibit.
"We believe that the fatal wound on Mr.
"Release of such private, sensitive information is deplorable," Gov.
(CNN) -- Syria has four chemical weapons facilities that it did not previously disclose to the United Nations, a Western diplomat told CNN on Tuesday.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- The U.S.
Istanbul Gov.
Free Tibet, which advocates Tibetan independence, also reported that two Tibetans were shot and wounded on Sunday by security forces during a protest outside a police station in the prefecture of Ganzi.
China's fast-expanding high-speed rail network is now the world's busiest with daily ridership exceeding 1.3 million.
(WIRED) -- Apple has traditionally held its ground as a premium computer manufacturer, but it might just be getting sucked into a recession-prompted price war.
Apple's computers have historically been priced well above the average PC.
Thus, Apple's MacBook price cuts are a strategic move to reclaim growth while the netbook market is shrinking.
Illinois Rep.
(CNN) -- England beat India by a crushing 319 run margin with a day to spare in the second test at Trent Bridge to take a 2-0 lead in the four-test series.
(CNN) -- Bangladesh police have detained or arrested more than 18,000 people in the last 11 days in a crackdown on crime they say is aimed at improving security ahead of December elections.
The state's constitutional ban on gay marriage, passed in 2004, was struck down twice last year -- once by a state court judge and again by a U.S.
Norwood has until 5 p.m.
Japan's fleet carries out an annual whale hunt despite a worldwide moratorium, taking advantage of a loophole in the law that permits the killing of the mammals for scientific research.
The Australian government challenged the Japanese whaling program in the International Court of Justice, leading to Monday's ruling.
"Joyful Noise" also finds room for a teenager with Asperger's syndrome (Dexter Darden) who loves one-hit-wonder songs (but can he learn to love himself?), as well as a romance between Randy and Vi Rose's daughter Olivia (Keke Palmer).
The far-right People's Party's loss came as a surprise to many who expected the far-right's scare campaign tactics to succeed once again.
He was fined and sentenced to three years supervised probation, according to CNN affiliate KATV.
(CNN) -- Arkansas Gov.
Colgan Flight 3407 crashed February 12 during an instrument approach to Buffalo-Niagara International Airport.
Arlington, Virginia (CNN) -- President Barack Obama led the nation's Memorial Day observances Monday, laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery's Tomb of the Unknowns and declaring that Americans owe "a debt to our fallen heroes that we can never fully repay."
There is widespread and justifiable concern that Abe will have a tough time enacting bold structural reforms and anything less than audacious will disappoint markets and undermine positive trends and perceptions.
She'd been scheduled to appear with the prime minister of Bavaria, Horst Seehofer.
Branching brazenly off from government roads are panya routes or "rat routes" -- paths hacked out of the undergrowth that are used by smugglers to cross back and forth between Kenya and Somalia undetected.
The company also launched two other HTC One devices with slightly lower specs -- the HTC One S and the HTC One V.
All three devices should be hitting the market in the next two months, likely in April.
Rep.
One recipient, Sen.
Environmental Protection Agency said Wednesday it is increasing its nationwide monitoring of radiation in milk, precipitation, drinking water, and other outlets in response to the ongoing nuclear crisis in Japan.
Obama was referring to Virginia Gov.
Ingmar Guandique is serving a 10-year sentence for two assaults in the park where Levy's body was found.
Hillary Clinton has said repeatedly that she is a stronger candidate because she has already shown she can withstand conservative attacks.
KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- The U.S. military bombed about 300 tons of poppy seeds in a dusty field in southern Afghanistan Tuesday in a dramatic show of force designed to break up the Taliban's connection to heroin.
Barcelona striker Lionel Messi says he wants to stay at the club until he retires on the day it was announced he again leads the nominations for the prestigious Ballon d'Or.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Britain's Prince William has helped the U.S.
(CNN) -- A videotape on a Russian Web site allegedly showing a State Department employee having sex with a prostitute is a "smear campaign" meant to discredit the man, a State Department spokesman said Thursday.
As CNN's team of political reporters and analysts decamps from South Carolina to cover the Florida primary this week, they will assess the impact that money has -- and hasn't -- had in this electoral cycle so far.
Unlike the space shuttles, which land like an airplane, Orion is a capsule that will parachute to a landing at Edwards Air Force Base in California.
In response, President Felipe Calderon sent federal troops to patrol the city.
Croatia striker Nikica Jelavic is poised to join Scottish champions Rangers after refusing to play in Rapid Vienna's Europa League qualifier against Aston Villa on Thursday night, which ended in a 1-1 draw.
The Big Branch mine -- owned by Massey Energy -- had a spotty safety record prior to last year's explosion, with three deaths reported over the previous 12 years.
The brainchild of Maastricht University's Mark Post, the burger was made of 20,000 small strands of meat grown from a cow's muscle cells and took three months to create.
Liquidmetal was discovered at the California Institute of Technology in 1992.
Liquidmetal's injection molding process is still a relatively new technology, and it's fairly expensive -- but that's not necessarily anything that Apple would shy away from.
Singapore (CNN) -- U.S.
Singapore (CNN) -- U.S.
China has accused the rights groups of trying to "distort the truth" about the violence through "ill-intentioned hype."
Since 2008, he has been climbing Everest as part of an expedition to highlight the effects of climate change and to collect trash on the mountains.
Two children were killed in an Israeli artillery attack at a U.N.
Dean was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame this year.
Rep.
Dr.
He noted that Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation.
Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan, Mexico.
"I come from a very humble family and what I would call a typical migrant farm working family," Hernandez said in a NASA interview.
(CNN) -- Cadel Evans secured Australia's first ever Tour de France victory after the 21st and final stage of the historic race culminated on the streets of Paris.
KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Sen.
"Do we have equal representation?
The Nautica was in an area patrolled by international anti-piracy task forces when two small skiffs appeared to try to intercept it, Oceania spokesman Tim Rubacky said.
One of the smaller craft closed to within 300 yards and fired eight rifle shots at the cruise ship, he said, but the ship was able to pull away.
The UAE is experimenting with many traditional solutions to air-conditioning, including wind towers that funnel upper currents of cool air down into houses.
Places such as Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming and Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona would be closed as a result of the impasse.
The case stems from comments the Chelsea footballer allegedly made to Queens Park Rangers player Anton Ferdinand in an English Premier League match last year.
Racist taunts, alleged and proven, have dogged English football for years.
Rivers, 81, had been on life support at Manhattan's Mount Sinai hospital, where she was taken after she stopped breathing at the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic last Thursday.
The boys, ages 5 and 7, were found dead Monday morning at an apartment in Campbellton, New Brunswick.
Mick Deane, 61, had worked for Sky for 15 years, based in Washington and then Jerusalem, the channel said.
The claims of military victories came a day after Sri Lanka ordered an end to combat operations against the rebels by curtailing "the use of heavy-caliber guns, combat aircraft and aerial weapons which could cause civilian causalities," a statement from the Presidential Secretariat said.
(Wired) -- Google is set to become your new phone company, perhaps reducing your phone bill to zilch in the process.
Google has bought Gizmo5, an online phone company that is akin to Skype but based on open protocols and with a lot fewer users.
When the passengers disembark at their destination, officials can then easily identify them.
Sgt.
Staff Sgt.
Sgt.
This week, nearly 200 delegations have gathered in Qatar to plan for a new international climate pact that would come into effect in 2020.
Ethiopian troops captured Johan Persson and Martin Schibbye in July during a gunfire exchange with a rebel group in Ogaden, according to state media.
The National Eating Disorders Association reports that 40-60% of children between ages 6 and 12 are worried about their weight and 70% want to slim down.
Hong Kong student protest leaders Joshua Wong and Lester Shum were among those arrested amid heated confrontations as authorities attempted to clear demonstration camps in the Mong Kok district for a second day.
Greenaway resigned in November after officials discovered that she had not been a registered lawyer in the United Kingdom for the required five years.
Adding to the intrigue is the fact that Greenaway was appointed to her post by her husband, Andrew Reid, who serves as a London coroner himself.
To Nan Aron, president of the left-leaning Alliance for Justice, the Supreme Court's role in the 2000 presidential election through the Bush v.
Garrido and his wife, Nancy, are accused of snatching Jaycee Dugard when she was 11 and keeping her captive in a compound in Antioch, California.
(CNN) -- A U.S.
As World War I rages in Europe, fresh U.S.
There were two U.S. airstrikes northwest of Irbil, according to the U.S. military.
Bieber has helped grant the wishes of more than 200 children through the Make-A-Wish Foundation, which fulfills the wishes of children diagnosed with a life-threatening medical conditions.
Andrew and N.C.
He resigned the presidency in June 2007 because of the sexual assault allegations.
"She was actually very quiet.
"The government has not informed Dr.
Even after more than 2 million Catalans voted on Sunday, defying two decisions by Spain's highest court that it was illegal to cast a ballot on independence, the two entrenched sides -- the Catalan government in Spain's second largest city of Barcelona and the Spanish government in the capital, Madrid -- seemed no closer to solving the thorny issue.
Catalan secessionists have staged massive street demonstrations in recent years, and they picked up more steam in September around Scotland's referendum on independence.
"There are no allegations of any wrongdoing on the part of any of these tenants or occupants," said Yusill Scribner, a spokesman for the U.S.
Beginning on June 9, Microsoft will offer the Xbox One for $399 in all markets where it's sold -- a $100 price cut from the bundled version with Kinect.
Medieval aristocrats are known to have eaten high-protein diets full of freshwater fish and wildfowl, in part because of religious observances that called for "meat-free" fasting for up to a third of the year.
Mario Gotze scored the winning goal for Bayern Munich against his old team Borussia Dortmund in a 3-0 result that some will say already puts an end to the title race in Germany.
Legionnaires' disease is a respiratory bacterial infection usually spread through mist that comes from a water source, such as cooling towers, air conditioning or showers.
Though Urban is still expected to perform at the Country Music Awards on November 9, he has had to "substantially scale back his appearances requiring multiple songs," Freundlich added.
(CNN) -- The Rev.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- A "surprisingly healthy" population of rare snow leopards has been discovered in the remote northeastern stretches of Afghanistan, one of the few areas largely unaffected by the near decade-long war in the country.
Researchers photographed the elusive big cat using camera traps at 16 different locations across Afghanistan's mountainous Wakhan Corridor, according to a recent report from the Wildlife Conservation Society.
Gleeks should expect to see Gloria in the same episode as Martin in January.
In fact, the plan is for the episode is to feature some of Estefan's own music as well as some other bilingual tunes.
He is one of the 78,000 residents who have been unable to return to a 12.4-mile (20-km) exclusion zone around the plant, now a nuclear wasteland.
Each residency will include accommodation on a sleeper car with all a writer really needs: a bed, a desk and outlets.
The new iTunes iMatch service will cost $25 a year, with unlimited storage, for users to copy digital music ripped from CDs or downloaded illegally.
For iCloud, Apple will give the four major labels almost 60 percent of future profits, as well as roughly 12 percent to music publishers, according to music-business sources.
Apple isn't the first to provide such a service -- Amazon unveiled its Cloud Drive in late March, and Google jumped into the market with Music Beta a month ago.
(CNN) -- After 21 years of arrests with a side of wisecracks, Detective John Munch will retire Wednesday night on "Law and Order: SVU."
People don't like to use landlines or mobile phones for fear of their calls being traced.
In this loose-limbed documentary, Wiseman is more like an impressionist painter -- Degas is the obvious example -- than a social activist or a reporter.
"Crazy Horse" can be viewed as a series of nude studies built around the contrast between the dancers' casual nakedness backstage and the highly fetishistic, filtered nudity on stage.
(CNN) -- Sending a letter will soon be a little more expensive, the U.S.
Four of those charged were previously in custody, officials said.
But Rep.
Nepalese police forcefully dragged some of the protesters to awaiting vans and drove them to police stations across the capital.
U.N.
(CNN) -- World No.
(CNN) -- World No.
Nearly 11,000 U.S. troops will remain in Afghanistan in the beginning of 2015.
(CNN) -- Police were on Tuesday investigating the death of model and TV personality Peaches Geldof, the 25-year-old daughter of Irish musician and Live Aid organizer Bob Geldof and TV presenter Paula Yates.
Gabor has suffered major health problems in the last year, including hip replacement surgery and a leg amputation.
Aboud Rogo Mohammed was accused supporting Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia and was blacklisted by the United States and U.N.
The story of Perseus -- the bastard son of Zeus who takes on the mighty Kraken -- will endure long after Louis Leterrier's enjoyably cheesy movie has been forgotten (or, inevitably, remade in 4D).
Elizabeth Nass and Rose Mayr, both 19, were killed "when coal spilled out of the rail cars during the derailment."
The club's license had expired in August and had not been renewed, local fire official Moises da Silva Fuchs told Globo TV.
So perhaps it makes sense that Patti Smith's 11th album is her most energized in years, if not decades.
Relieved of the protest poetry of 2004's enjoyable but politically burdened "Trampin'," "Banga" feels like both a return to form and a renewal -- with Lenny Kaye's Sonic Youth-ful guitar meshing with Smith's literary lyricism the way it did when they were, well, just kids.
The company has helped to break the cycle of poverty for thousands of rural families, by turning a traditional handicraft into a profit-making venture.
"It is time for a significant change.
(CNN) -- Wisconsin Gov.
He uses the seven-minute video, which first appeared Wednesday, to discuss Syria and address the protesters seeking to oust President Bashar Al-Assad.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Indian authorities Tuesday filed a police complaint against Continental Airlines for frisking a former president of the country as he was to travel to New York in April.
Former president APJ Abdul Kalam was exempt from body checks, officials said.
The 29-year-old Oregon woman's story spread rapidly on social media after she revealed her plans to take medication to end her life.
All three were able to walk and move during a general health assessment.
The death is believed to be as a result of suffocation by cervical compression, police said.
Production begins this weekend at Baltimore Washington International Airport and Denver International Airport, just in time for the holiday travel rush.
Former world No.
About 40 million people are in the path of the storm's winds.
Max Shatto, 3, who was adopted from Russia, lived in Texas with his adoptive parents.
"She's the greatest horse I've ever been on in my life," jockey Calvin Borel said after the race.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- The Other Hundred, a photo-book project featuring 100 photo stories of people across 91 countries, launched its first exhibition in Hong Kong on Thursday.
The project takes aim at media rankings such as the Forbes Billionaire List and is instead dedicated to people whose lives deserve recognition but who would never make the cut, said Chandran Nair, creator of the project and CEO of the Global Institute For Tomorrow (GIFT), an independent pan-Asian think tank based in Hong Kong.
"We're trying to provoke people to define for themselves what it means to have a rich and fulfilled life.
The exhibition will move next to Mumbai, New York, Beijing and Berlin in 2014.
"Ghost Protocol" brims with scenes that are exciting and amazing at the same time; they're brought off with such casual aplomb that they're funny, too.
"Ghost Protocol" is fast and explosive, but it's also a supremely clever sleight-of-hand thriller.
(CNN) -- Former President Jimmy Carter predicted that Republicans' obstructionist ways should change and President Obama's re-election prospects could improve after next week's midterm elections.
The Ford Crown Victoria is the most popular police car currently in production.
He confessed to the slayings, but said he snapped after years of physical and psychological abuse.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
The upper terrace offers a commanding view of downtown Los Angeles, Santa Monica, the ocean and Catalina Island.
Julie K.
Pac-Man" before giving the controller a temporary rest, Common also says that motion-sensing video games are making former arcade enthusiasts take notice again.
A day to trump them all has also taken shape -- "Buy Nothing Day" -- to counter the global and manic consumer.
Berlusconi, for his part, will remain in the hospital at least one day longer than expected, his doctor said Wednesday.
"We're getting what New York and New Jersey need, and that's all that counts," Rep.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- National Hurricane Center director Bill Proenza left his position Monday, just days after nearly half of the NHC staff signed a petition calling for his ouster.
U.S.
It follows government advice not to share "common vessels" for food or drink so as not to spread the virus.
Al Megrahi was convicted in 2001 of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103.
All 259 people aboard and 11 people on the ground were killed when the Boeing 747, bound for New York from London, crashed in the town of Lockerbie, Scotland.
Scotland's justice minister granted al Megrahi an early release in August 2009 after his attorneys and Scottish authorities said he was dying of cancer and only had three months to live.
(CNN) -- From wars in Ukraine and Afghanistan to the fast-spreading spectre of ISIS in the Middle East, it's no wonder that this week's NATO summit in Wales is being called "the most important gathering of NATO leaders in more than a decade."
Russian President Vladimir Putin's push in to Ukraine has the 28-nation alliance focused on action -- and that goes double for NATO's new members in the east, including Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland.
The Ivory Coast is the world's largest supplier of cocoa beans.
The 37-year-old made his Test debut against South Africa 10 years ago and has since gone on to take 207 wickets at an average of 28.28 over 43 Test matches.
A simple word, perhaps, but here speaking and teaching English is something of a novelty and for the U.S. military and Afghan government a success -- albeit small.
Historically the Taliban leadership and many fighters flee to their safe havens in neighboring Pakistan for the winter, re-emerging for what is known as the "spring offensive."
Ted Kaczynski, the so-called "Unabomber" and Harvard alumnus, listed his eight life sentences for a string of bombings that killed three people and wounded 23 others as an "award" in the class of 1962 report.
Harrington is 5'6", 120 pounds, has blond hair, blue eyes and was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt, black mini skirt, black tights and black boots.
Metallica posted a message about Harrington's disappearance on their Web site under the heading "One of our fans is missing."
The FAA has suspended all unofficial visits to air traffic control operational areas during its investigation into the incident.
JetBlue announced that the flights were sold out three hours after initially tweeting the deal.
Japan -- and Abe in particularly -- has long regarded India as a powerful counterweight to China's strategic rise in the Indo-Pacific region.
Photos obtained by CNN, which were in a bulletin sent to federal law enforcement agencies, showed parts of a pressure cooker, a shredded black backpack and what appear to be metal pellets or ball bearings.
Maazel conducted more than 150 orchestras in at least 5,000 opera and concert performances during his career, beginning when he was just 8, according to his official biography.
Sulley Muntari and Kevin-Prince Boateng were both suspended indefinitely by the Ghana Football Association just a day after the players had finally settled a row over appearance fees.
The surgery will be performed in the United Kingdom in "the coming weeks" after he undergoes an intensive course of antibiotics and "doctors can be confident they have sufficiently reduced toxins within the inflamed appendicitis site," Farrow said.
The violence spread to the Rift Valley town of Naivasha on Sunday, where the Red Cross said there were reports of people being burned alive in their homes.
The Office of Inspector General confirms to CNN that it has staff investigators on the ground in San Antonio looking into the allegations.
A stretch of the 101 Freeway in Los Angeles was shut down in both directions after protesters took roadblocks from the streets, along with debris, and placed them on the freeway, police said.
Only after the leaks did the military confirm that Army Staff Sgt.
"104 floors of compromise?"
North Korea insists this is a peaceful launch, the satellite for scientific research.
Do you know a hero?
Do you know a hero?
LEBANON, Pennsylvania (CNN) -- A hostile crowd shouted questions and made angry statements Tuesday at a town hall meeting on health care in Pennsylvania led by Democratic Sen.
(CNN) -- Yahoo misled Congress regarding information the Internet company gave to Chinese authorities about the journalist Shi Tao, Democratic Rep.
soldier who was dishonorably discharged, pleaded guilty in 2003 to child sexual assault and child pornography charges and was sentenced to 13 years behind bars.
A CNN investigation uncovered at least 15 civil suits and some two dozen complaints to state regulators against Adolescent and Family Institute of Colorado, also known as AFIC.
Most who could not meet the BMI requirement chose not to apply, Smith said.
"Text Neck is not just a texting problem," says Dr.
The suspect tried to escape, but was shot by a security guard and severely wounded before being taken into custody, police said.
About 70 bottles lie mostly undamaged at 50 meters deep [roughly 164 feet] south of the Aland Islands.
Holder says penalties would still be tough for violent criminals while finding ways to reduce the costs of the federal prison system.
Trebek, 71, checked into Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles Saturday and remained there Sunday, Sony's Paula Askanas said.
The show won the best game show Emmy at the Daytime Emmy awards Saturday.
March 11 marked the 10th anniversary of the Madrid train bombings that killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800.
Despite accounts of inequality, 2012 has been dubbed the year of the woman, and with good reason, given the many strong female characters and women breaking through in the entertainment industry as well as our culture at large.
The Rev.
By Vincent C.
"We were surprised by the magnitude of improvement," says Bolli, who says traditional therapies, such as placing a stent to physically widen the patient's artery, typically make a smaller difference.
(CNN) -- Promosing Briton Amir Khan took a huge step towards a world title shot at lightweight after a fifth-round technical decision win over Mexican legend Marco Antonio Barrera in Manchester on Saturday.
Briton Gary McKinnon is accused of carrying out the biggest ever U.S. military hacking operation.
Instead of piling on pointless game variants or needlessly complicated controls, the most popular mass-appeal games often focus on executing a few simple features well -- and presenting them in endlessly novel contexts.
A four-year study in Brazil, Mexico, Indonesia and the Philippines -- four forest-rich countries -- found that the probability of illegal loggers being penalized is less than 0.1%
Pemex is Mexico's powerful and much-criticized state oil monopoly.
China has less than 10% of the world's cultivated land and only 7% of its potable water, but must seek to feed almost 20% of the world's population, according to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO).
CNN was unable to get a response from the Egyptian government on the report.
The report found that about 90 percent of primate species in Vietnam and Cambodia were at risk of extinction.
Officials familiar with the current case say the lone Somali suspect in U.S. military custody could be turned over to Kenya or another country in the region if barriers to a U.S.
- EU leaders at Brussels summit call for complete overhaul of international financial system.
Investigators have not yet established the cause of the crash which killed all 228 passengers, and large parts of the plane -- including both flight recorders -- have never been found, despite an extensive search operation that included a French navy submarine.
She continued: "You've made it ...
Nott and his team embarked on the three-hour operation with just one pint of donated blood.
Mindful of how frustrating the wait is, makers of PCs' basic input/output systems (BIOS) are working on bringing instant-on computing closer to reality with promises of significantly faster boot time.
Investigators have not revealed a motive for the gruesome killing, which police believe occurred around December 27, 2011.
MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- Miami Dolphins defensive end Randy Starks was arrested early Sunday after police said he struck an officer with a slow-moving Freightliner truck, according to a police report.
Starks is in his sixth NFL season and his second with the Dolphins.
Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed blamed the Islamist rebel group Al-Shabaab for the attack and displayed what he said was the body of the bomber for reporters, a local journalist who attended the news conference told CNN.
Cartoonists everywhere took up pencils to express their solidarity with the victims.
Alwin Landry's supply vessel Damon Bankston was alongside Deepwater Horizon at the time of the blast.
Landry said the first sign of trouble was when drilling "mud" -- a mixture used to pressurize and lubricate the drills -- began falling onto the stern of his ship.
There are no reports of damage so far, the Napa County Sheriff's Office said.
It comes a week after a 6.0-magnitude quake -- the strongest in northern California in a quarter of a century -- struck the same area on August 24.
Before Kim's promotion to general on Monday, North Korea's state-run media didn't mention him -- there were no family photos showing him as a youngster and no images of him by his father's side, learning to lead.
Do you own a wrap dress?
It is dangerous since the slightest wrong move could bring down the rest of the building and potentially injure the rescuers.
Outside the Top 5, "Moms' Night Out" earned $4.2 million in its first weekend and "Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return "opened with $3.71 million.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- U.S.
Schalke climbed out of the bottom three and up to 14th on 13 points with a morale-boosting 4-0 thrashing of Werder Bremen as the teams warmed up for midweek Champions League action in starkly contrasting fortunes.
Workshops are being held this week for 120 civil court judges who may have to rule on domestic issues after the weddings, Alvarez-Gayou said.
Megi may be the strongest typhoon to hit China this year, Xinhua said.
The alternative rock pioneers are prepping the October 18 release of "The Great Escape Artist," their first studio album in eight years.
"It was a good goal for the team to shoot for, and we hit it," he said immediately afterward.
The famed bagel shop may be best known outside New York for its stint on the NBC sitcom "Seinfeld," when it served as the employer of the show's eccentric Cosmo Kramer, played by actor Michael Richards.
But fear not bagel lovers: H&H has a second location on West 46th Street that will remain open.
Most of the subjects are suspected drug lords who have been recently captured and are in jail awaiting trial.
Author James Arthur Ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter in connection with the October 2009 incident at a spiritual retreat outside Sedona.
Putin stepped down as president in May after two terms and is now prime minister.
Prosecutors laid out a narrative of what they said was "the defendant's intent to murder" a female employee last month at the Dorchester Department of Youth Services facility where Chism is being held pending trial, the Suffolk County District Attorney's Office said.
These are among the innovations that could result from the research of J.
(CNN) -- World No.
The league's owners began a lockout of its players in early July.
(CNN)There was a larger message in the article about a purported gang rape that Rolling Stone retracted on Sunday night -- a part of the story that was never disputed: The University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen.
Occupy Wall Street will grow and succeed on its own merits.
Navy has charged six guards accused of assaulting detainees in May at Camp Bucca in Iraq, naval officials said Thursday.
All the services kicked out a disproportionate number of women under the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy, according to Department of Defense data obtained by the Palm Center at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Yemen state television reported that an army general and a civilian were killed and 13 soldiers were wounded in clashes with supporters of the al-Ahmar family.
Authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered, involving about 300,000 bags and wallets with names like Burberry, Gucci and Coach.
The alleged leaders of the counterfeit operations are three Chinese citizens living in New York.
Pakistan Attack - Learn about the rescue operation that ended a 22-hour standoff in Pakistan.
Peace Prize Awarded - Study the praise and challenges that accompany President Obama's Nobel Prize.
Space Station's Future? - Discuss how the international space station could become an abandoned laboratory
The Sunday Times Rich List two weeks ago put al Fayed's personal fortune at £650 million ($962 million).
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Shortly before his death, Sen.
First Sgt.
His comments in Kabul to thousands of tribal elders at a meeting -- known as a loya jirga, or grand assembly -- are at odds with what U.S. officials want.
"My trust with America is not good.
Rebel forces and Islamic militants control much of Syria's northern territories.
"There is a delicious irony in seeing private luxury jets flying into Washington, D.C., and people coming off of them with tin cups in their hand, saying that they're going to be trimming down and streamlining their businesses," Rep.
The company's executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, visited North Korea earlier this month along with former New Mexico Gov.
Democrats are looking to turn up the heat on Republican Rep.
Eleven of the congressmen were killed in captivity in June 2007.
A veggie omelette is a great way to sneak more nutrient- and fiber-rich produce into your power breakfast, Miller says.
European countries sold more than $3 billion worth of dairy products to Russia in 2013 -- $1.3 billion worth of cheese, $192 million in butter and $140 million of fresh milk.
The raid by U.S.
The decision from the 4th U.S.
(CNN) -- The father of a 9-year-old boy who hopped a flight from Minnesota to Las Vegas last week tearfully told reporters Wednesday that he'd previously asked for help to address the boy's behavior problems, but no one responded.
Critics see the practice as just another way lobbyists are buying influence on Capitol Hill.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- U.S.
Kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight, with a time of 50 hours and 38 minutes, according to the World Air Sports Federation.
U.S.
Kim Jong Nam, the eldest son, is the half-brother of Kim Jong Un, the new leader of North Korea.
Kim Jong Nam is the most public of Kim Jong Il's sons, known primarily for his blunders and semi-exile from North Korea.
Marine Le Pen's Front National extreme-right party came top in France's European elections, with 25.41% of the vote.
Giordano's next detainment hearing is scheduled for the end of the month, Angela said.
The earthquake hit 468 kilometers (302 miles) south-southwest of Tokyo at a depth of 348 kilometers, according to the USGS.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning.
SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- South Korea bade farewell to former President Kim Dae-Jung Sunday in a ceremony attended by thousands of citizens, dignitaries and politicians.
Barry Ardolf, 46, repeatedly hacked into his next-door neighbors' Wi-Fi network in 2009, and used it to try and frame them for child pornography, sexual harassment, various kinds of professional misconduct and to send threatening e-mail to politicians, including Vice President Joe Biden.
As Sony Pictures struggles to recover from one blow after another related to the devastating cyber attack, one may overlook the fact that its parent company in Japan has been a popular target of hackers for years.
Former Sony employees are suing the company for failing to protect their privacy.
The Saturday blast comes a day after a twin suicide bombing on a military convoy in Lahore killed 44 people and injured nearly 100 others.
Heart disease is the No.
Rep.
Now, as we approach the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, which brought the era to a close, CNN International is again airing its 24-part series, The Cold War, which first aired in 1998.
President Obama has decided to nominate Sen.
The expected nomination follows U.N.
Army Maj.
It highlights the success of Tunisia, Egypt and Libya in removing their longtime regimes, but underscores the need to institute democracy to ensure past actions are not repeated.
The 23-year-old lost the world no.1 spot to Tiger Woods this week and is still searching for his first tournament win in 2013
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein aggressively defended her decision to release a controversial Senate torture report Tuesday, despite assertions from the CIA that interrogation techniques detailed in the report were effective in thwarting attack plans, capturing terrorists and saving American lives.
Mr Paulson plans to infuse chess with the same mix of lucrative sponsorship deals and general razzmatazz that helped the Indian Premier League to revolutionize international cricket.
But history bears out that Florida has been as much a part of the South and its vigilante-enforced racial caste system as Georgia and Alabama.
Hoffman told his lawyer that he "did not like the idea of setting up a trust for his children," the lawyer said.
"It was shocking, humiliating, it was demeaning," she said.
Humans began domesticating cattle, Bos taurus, about 8,500 years ago.
Dr.
Authorities did not reveal a possible motive or specify how many people were arrested.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- David Prowse, who played Darth Vader in the original "Star Wars" films, has revealed he is suffering from prostate cancer but is still feeling "fantastic."
Washington (CNN) -- Dashing the hopes of Democratic lawmakers Sunday, Sen.
The attack occurred roughly an hour after locals ended their daily fast for the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
This year's selection of workplace tales ranges from ingenious to inspiring to just plain weird, but they all left their own special mark on pop culture.
(CNN) -- As the U.S.
Great Falls, Montana, will shiver at 9 below zero on Tuesday night.
Nader (Peyman Moadi) and Simin (Leila Hatami) are a married couple in trouble.
Moadi, Hatami and Bayat are all deeply convincing and moving actors.
In Peshawar, at least nine people were killed and 33 hurt Saturday when a car bomb exploded while a school bus passed on a road, local authorities said.
U.S.
Costa will be joined at his new club by a familiar face in former Atletico teammate Filipe Luis.
Oscar winner Helen Mirren is nominated in the best actress category for her role in "Hitchcock," playing the wife of the British suspense filmmaker.
The CPSC says the agency has received reports of at least 65 incidents, including two deaths, 75 injuries, and 34 victims hospitalized with second and third degree burns.
Iowa Gov.
Kurdistan Gas City will include industrial, residential and commercial buildings in an integrated city.
Jessie L.
Some immigration agents have been previously trained to be air marshals in emergencies.
The recall doesn't involve Uncle Ben's brand products sold in supermarkets -- such as ready to heat, boxed, bag or cup items -- which are manufactured separately, the company said in a statement.
Joe Biden — yes, the very guy who was re-elected Vice President of the United States — will guest-star in the Nov.
Tensions between North Korea and the West have spiked in recent years due in part to concerns over Pyongyang's nuclear development program.
South Korea accuses the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships in March 2010, killing 46 sailors.
The Elders expect to meet with ailing North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, along with other senior officials and diplomats.
There are two possible ways Apple could open up the Apple TV platform to third-party app developers: It could allow devs to create dedicated TV apps, or it could more heavily leverage (and open up) the AirPlay feature already baked into Apple TV to port existing iPad apps to the big screen.
He didn't seem to utter any words, the source said.
There are about 1.57 billion Muslims in the world, according to the report, "Mapping the Global Muslim Population," by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life.
The center of the earthquake was approximately 175 miles west of the city of Vancouver and nearly 50 miles underground.
The Twitter universe exploded overnight after reports by TMZ and E!
The result of that conversation -- the "You Don't Say?"
Jimenez laced up her sneakers Sunday to pay tribute to her late husband, Army Sgt.
Trade between Brazil and Africa has jumped from around $4 billion in 2000 to about $20 billion in 2010.
After a 10 hour flight, they land at Frankfurt and here, it's all about speed and punctuality.
Lufthansa Cargo is one of the many carriers that help to deliver romance.
The Malawi Law Society said the prosecution of the two men has been driven by prejudice -- not jurisprudence.
Legacy Locker allows users to set up a kind of online will, with beneficiaries that would receive the customer's account information and passwords after they die.
(CNN) -- Half a million homes remained without power across the Northeast and mid-Atlantic region on Sunday, as rain continued to pound states from West Virginia to Connecticut for a second day.
The launch date had been delayed to allow "additional analysis and particle impact testing associated with a flow-control valve in the shuttle's main engines," the agency said.
"Let me just kill you right now," Lee, the "Do The Right Thing" director, told D.K.
Capt.
All participants must be U.S. citizens who voluntarily release certain information about themselves.
(WIRED) -- The U.S.
(WIRED) -- The U.S.
The president will still make the case that Congress must authorize military force in Syria, a senior administration official told CNN.
The video shows Janet Jackson apparently trying to take a cell phone away from Paris Jackson at the Calabasas, California, home.
President Obama says he plans to keep up to 50,000 support troops in Iraq after combat troops leave in 2010.
(CNN) -- Cargill Meat Solutions Corp. has recalled about 8,500 pounds of ground beef that may be contaminated with E. coli, the U.S.
Australia's 1,550 troops in Afghanistan are a fraction of the overall number of foreign troops deployed to keep a lid on the country's insurgency more than ten years after allied airstrikes marked the start of Operation Enduring Freedom.
More than 130,000 troops from 50 countries are currently operating in Afghanistan, according to the International Security and Assistance Force (ISAF).
The pope, who plans to deliver his homily in Italian, isn't expected to religiously stay within a script.
Thousands of Catholics waving flags from around the world packed St.
Gruesome medical specimens show us the miraculous functioning of the human body.
If you are a student at Florida State University -- in Republican Rep.
Tensions boiled over last year, after months of reports that Chase had acted out on set, insulting the show's writing and sending former showrunner Dan Harmon an insulting voicemail that was leaked online.
In the past week, the Texas Forest Service said it has responded to 176 fires over 126,844 acres.
The plane recovered and landed safely the second time around, the spokesman said.
(Mashable) -- On Sunday, Skype 2.0 was launched for the iPhone 3G, bringing a long-sought feature to the table: making calls over 3G.
Unfortunately, the new feature was accompanied by an unpleasant announcement; after August 2010, Skype will start charging a monthly fee for the 3G calling feature on top of whatever fee you're already paying your mobile operator for data transfer.
According to figures from the Broadway League, a dozen Broadway shows topped $1 million at the box office for the week ending Nov.
Spain's Feliciano Lopez, the No.
No.
(CNET) -- A post on the Facebook developer blog announces the big application program interface (API) update from the social network that was first reported on Sunday night, which it's calling the Open Stream API.
The 36-year-old victim had no pulse and was not breathing when fire department divers pulled him from the water, Humphrey said.
Mascherano has been linked with a move to European champions Inter Milan, where his former Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez is now coach, and informed Hodgson of his desire to leave on his first day back at Anfield following a post-World Cup break.
(CNN) -- U.S.
Energy Minister Taner Yildiz's plane was forced to turn around in mid-flight Tuesday.
The world is expected to get a look at the findings of U.N.
(CNN) -- Nearly 800 dogs were rescued by a Chinese animal protection group last Saturday night in the city of Zigong, in southwest Sichuan province.
In April 520 dogs were saved from dinner table by Chinese animal-rights activists who stopped a truck carrying them in cages on a highway near Beijing.
"Canadian chocolate is higher in fat and it is a higher particle size," a Hershey's senior chocolate expert recently noted in the National Post, adding that Hershey's now offers a separate recipe for the more discriminating Canadian chocolate palate.
Authorities plan to enact a new water clarity test at pools throughout Massachusetts which requires that a five-inch black disc placed at the bottom of the pool is visible at all times.
They were sent September 22, 2010, the same night Clementi took his own life by leaping from the George Washington Bridge, which spans the Hudson River between New York and New Jersey.
Serena Williams is already into the second round with a straight sets win over Varvara Lepchenko.
(CNN Student News) -- Students will learn about political parties in the United States.
Dubbed the Jackie Chan World Park, it will contain five major themed areas and various cultural exhibition centers filled with items Chan collected over the years, including four antique Chinese wooden buildings.
"I wanted to buy everything when I was young, but now I want to donate whatever I have," he posted on Weibo.
Speaking in Washington alongside the Turkish Foreign Minster, U.S.
Last month, a group of American lawmakers said they had "grave concerns" about Acosta and called for an investigation after the Spanish-language TV channel Univision aired a documentary alleging that she was among a group of Venezuelan and Iranian diplomats who expressed interest in an offer from a group of Mexican hackers to infiltrate the websites of the White House, the FBI, the Pentagon and U.S. nuclear plants.
During his campaign, Obama said he would invest $150 billion over 10 years in clean energy.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- New York has scrapped a proposal that would have raised taxes on items such as sugary soft drinks, iTunes downloads and haircuts, Gov.
The tax hikes were proposed in December, as part of an attempt to close a $14 billion budget deficit for the state's next fiscal year.
Do you know a hero?
(CNN) -- An Australian pilot landed a company plane in the ocean off Darwin on Friday, in a water landing that prompted comparisons to last month's landing of a US Airways jet in New York's Hudson River.
The disease has killed 67 people this year in Brazil's Rio de Janeiro state, the state's ministry of health reported.
Denmark, Finland, New Zealand, Sweden and Singapore topped the list as the cleanest countries to do business in the world, according to the survey released Wednesday.
Somalia, North Korea, Afghanistan, Sudan and Myanmar ranked at the bottom.
The United States was ranked 19th in the world, below Japan and the UK and ahead of Chile and Uruguay.
Whole conversations can be shared with friends via e-mail from Twitter.com, or as individual tweets from the iPhone and Android apps.
Sen.
Sen.
But she returned with a bang in 2012, winning Wimbledon, Olympic Gold, the U.S.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S.
In 2012 sales dipped 2.5%, but with some rigorous cost-cutting the company has managed to post a 12% jump in pre-tax profit.
But Apple has a long way to go -- and logistical hurdles to clear in tens of thousands of schools -- before it dominates K-12 classrooms the way it has done the music industry.
But there are 55.5 million students enrolled in more than 130,000 U.S.
He opened fire Wednesday at Canada's National War Memorial and Parliament Hill, killing army reservist Cpl.
(CNN) -- For the second time in 24 hours, Canada broke U.S.
The members of R.E.M.
The Rally to Restore Sanity and March to Keep Fear Alive will take place in Washington, D.C. on October 30th.
Los Angeles coroner Dr.
(CNN) -- Gregory Sancoff thinks he knows what the Navy needs, even before U.S.
Sgt.
The California Supreme Court struck down the state's ban on same-sex marriage as unconstitutional in a May 15 ruling, clearing the way for the state to become the second to legalize such marriages.
(CNN) -- New Jersey Gov.
Days of heavy rain caused a mine at Niupeng in Guizhou province to flood on Saturday morning; while "rain-saturated earth on the surface collapsed into a shaft" at another pit in Guangxi around noon the same day, killing three miners, Xinhua said.
Days of heavy rain caused a mine at Niupeng in Guizhou province to flood on Saturday morning; while "rain-saturated earth on the surface collapsed into a shaft" at another pit in Guangxi around noon the same day, killing three miners, Xinhua said.
Rep.
The most sticking criticism of Android is its fragmentation problem -- that there are so many devices running it, often with completely different specs, that it's impossible to know with any certainty whether or not your device will ever get any updates that Google releases.
This is kind of a no-brainer, but Google will continue its blot-out-the-sun dominance in its primary services: search, email and cloud services in general.
(EW.com) -- ABC entertainment president Paul Lee says he's going to take a look at the long-gestating Star Wars live-action TV series now that the Disney deal to acquire Lucasfilm is complete.
"We'd love to do something with Lucasfilm, we're not sure what yet," Lee exclusively told EW.
Forrest Timothy Hayes, 51, had an "ongoing prostitution relationship" with Alix Catherine Tichleman, 26, when he was found dead November 23 aboard his 50-foot yacht in the Santa Cruz harbor, according to a police statement.
In Sunday's late game, Newcastle won 1-0 at Wigan to give new manager Alan Pardew his second victory after two successive defeats.
The U.S.
CNN Chile reported the explosive device was inside a trash bin in an open area at the metro station.
Editor's note: The U.S.
Think we've missed one?
Among the 80 homes destroyed was that of Bob Turner, a New York congressman.
The fate of Susan Powell, who disappeared in 2009, is still unknown.
"Piddle packs" -- heavy-duty bags containing absorbent sponges -- have been blamed for at least two crashes over the years, and they're not always tidy.
Chelsea suffered a shock 1-0 loss at relegation threatened Crystal Palace and hours later saw Manchester City gain a point thanks to a 1-1 draw at Arsenal.
The U.N.
Texas state law prohibits withdrawing or withholding life-sustaining treatment from a pregnant patient, regardless of her wishes.
Kennedy's interest in the seat could mean the continuation of a family legacy in the Senate that began 56 years ago with the election of her father as the then-junior senator from Massachusetts.
"She's interested in the position," New York Gov.
Staff Sgt.
Previously, screeners swabbed some carry-on luggage and other objects as they searched for the needle in the security haystack -- components of terrorist bombs in an endless stream of luggage.
China's largest producer of milk, Mengniu Dairy Group, announced the recall of three batches of formula made in January after tests showed they were contaminated with melamine, said Li Changjiang, China's director of quarantine and inspection.
Hoy completed his Olympic odyssey with victory in the Keirin on the final day of competition in the velodrome last Tuesday -- a win which preceded an emotional medal ceremony.
Geminids are debris from an extinct comet called 3200 Phaethon, which was previously believed to be an asteroid, according to NASA.
EW has confirmed that Universal Pictures has picked up the North American distribution rights for "Dumb and Dumber To," the in-development sequel to the hit 1994 Jim Carrey/Jeff Daniels comedy "Dumb and Dumber."
Former President George W.
MIT researchers built their first robotic fish, "Robotuna," in 1994.
After Rancho Feeding Corp. made the recall, Nestle USA issued a voluntary recall in February of some types of Hot Pockets.
The family is among a growing number of Americans seeking the treatment in India -- some at a clinic in the heart of New Delhi called NuTech Mediworld run by Dr.
The White House says it is trying to protect the president's ability to receive candid advice and offered to let top aides discuss the firings only if they were not placed under oath and no transcript was taken.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- David Prowse, who played Darth Vader in the original "Star Wars" films, has revealed he is suffering from prostate cancer but is still feeling "fantastic."
At least $5 million has been donated to the Aurora Victims Relief Fund since it was established with the approval of Colorado Gov.
(CNN) -- AC Milan wasted a golden opportunity to close the gap on leaders and city rivals Inter at the top of the Italian Serie A table after being held to a 1-1 draw at home to lowly Livorno.
Mixing the idea of Google's Street View with multi-spectral thermal camera technology, Massachusetts-based startup Essess is building a giant database mapping residential and commercial properties in the U.S.
Afghan Election Day - Journey to a remote part of Afghanistan ahead of a presidential election.
Launch Delayed - Learn about a pair of planned space launches in the U.S. and South Korea.
Guitar of the Future - Rock out to a report on the changing technology of electric guitars.
Jordan Linn Graham made an initial appearance in court Monday to face a charge of second-degree murder.
The two South Asian neighbors have had a cease-fire along the de facto border, known as the Line of Control, since November 2003.
In 2007 Intel's total revenue was more than $38 billion, with an operating revenue of $8.2 billion and a net income of $7 billion.
"The evidence will clearly show that I am the shooter," Hasan told the panel of 13 senior officers who will decide his fate.
The increased number of U.S. airstrikes against ISIS in the Syrian city of Kobani reflects more targets of opportunity, not a change in the campaign against the vicious Islamist group, a Pentagon spokesman said Thursday.
Some of the material has never been performed on stage before, and the group says fans could expect the crunching frog sketch, a version of the dead parrot sketch and the Spanish Inquisition.
Nicknamed the Kensington strangler, the 21-year-old Rodriguez was arrested after DNA testing linked him to the attacks in the city's Kensington district, according to Detective Justin Frank.
(CNN) -- The Los Angeles City Council overwhelmingly approved a boycott of Arizona-based businesses and governments Wednesday unless the state repeals a new law giving police the power to question a detainee's immigration status.
The operation places more uniformed officers in concentrated areas where crime rates are high, the NYPD said.
At least two pandas had lived longer than Ming Ming, state media has reported.
Scam artists are calling veterans and posing as VA workers who need credit card information.
"Marta" was 12 when she came to the U.S.
The stand-down order was made Tuesday but is just now becoming public.
(CNN) -- Supporters of Pfc.
In February, Manning, 25, pleaded guilty to 10 of the 22 charges against him and faces up to two decades in jail.
He did not plead guilty to the most serious charge -- that of aiding the United States' enemies, which carries the potential for a life sentence.
At 2 a.m.
"That's our fault.
U.S.
Jedi Destiny is where players learn how to use their body movements to control the Force and use their lightsaber.
"Kinect Star Wars" is available now exclusively for the Xbox 360 and can be played only using the Kinect controller.
Atwal used to be a practice partner for world number one Tiger Woods but lost his Tour card last month after slipping too far down the money list when his minor medical exemption ran out.
While SDN is cloaked in the Starbucks brand name, Yahoo actually plays a pivotal role in the behind-the-scenes network experience.
(CNN) -- A suspected arms dealer accused of conspiring to sell weapons to Colombian guerrillas was extradited Friday from Spain to the United States, the U.S.
(CNN) -- A suspected arms dealer accused of conspiring to sell weapons to Colombian guerrillas was extradited Friday from Spain to the United States, the U.S.
(CNN) -- As many as 10,000 albinos are in hiding in east Africa over fears that they will be dismembered and their body parts sold to witchdoctors, the Red Cross said in a recent report.
Second seed Nadal won in straight sets for the second match in a row, beating former world No.
"Beach volleyball is not going to be my career anymore," May-Traenor told reporters shortly after the match.
The Blue Hole is world-renowned as an open-water diving spot.
The attack took place at a weapons market in Dara Adam Khel, according to Masood Khan Afridi, the police chief of Kohat district.
Jamal Bana is the third Somali-American from the city of Minneapolis to head to Somalia and die there.
Two NATO service members were killed in southern Afghanistan in two separate incidents on Sunday, a NATO news release said.
The president, who has been in Saudi Arabia recuperating from a bomb attack for more than three months, said he was acting "to reach a political solution to the current political crisis and in order to preserve Yemen's unity, security and stability."
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Sunday that there would be "no support" for the march or Choudary's "perverted view of Islam."
(CNN) -- Country music star Mindy McCready was found dead Sunday at her home in Arkansas from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, the local sheriff's office said in a statement.
McCready burst onto the music scene in 1996 with her debut album "10,000 Angels," and the chart-topping hit "Guys Do It All the Time."
(CNN) -- "Unguarded" with Rachel Nichols premieres tonight at 10:30 p.m.
Do you know a hero?
A note from a prime minister's aide shows that in 1981 Savile asked her if the government would consider a grant for the hospital as a "goodwill gesture" to all the people who had donated.
The UK capital will become the first city to host the Olympics three times in the modern era when the flame is lit on July 27.
Government forces took the area in a surprise attack early Sunday, the head of Sri Lanka's army announced.
(CNN) -- The Pakistani military reported killing 40 militants Thursday near the border with Afghanistan -- the latest in a string of clashes in a frontier region rife with extremism.
The flare-up of violence on the Pakistani side of the border, along with the commander's comments in Washington, suggest that the Taliban and its al Qaeda allies may be focusing more on western Pakistan even as violence subsides just across the border in Afghanistan.
The Louisiana delegation is offering bipartisan support to Rep.
Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- After emerging from the rubble of Moammar Gadhafi's Baba az' Azia palace late in August, Abdul Hakim Belhaj seized control as the military commander of Tripoli.
The FBI asks anybody who knows the bank robber or who has information in the case to call 423-282-8090.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Pop singer Chris Brown was sentenced Tuesday to serve five years probation and to spend more than 1,400 hours in "labor-oriented service" for assaulting his pop star girlfriend, Rihanna.
"In Your Dreams" has the high-gloss L.A. production of her collaborators, Glen Ballard and Eurythmics' Dave Stewart.
Nicks finds storytelling inspiration everywhere, from the Twilight series ("Moonlight [A Vampire's Dream]") to Jean Rhys ("Wide Sargasso Sea").
U.N.
Texas authorities are still investigating how the oysters were contaminated and where they were distributed, Chappelle said.
Bolt will next race in the 200m in Sunday's Diamond League meeting in Shanghai, China.
TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Saturday he sees no change in U.S. policy toward Iran despite the U.S.
Democratic Sen.
The series from Craig Thomas and Carter Bays continues to perform well for CBS; Monday's episode averaged a 3.4 rating in adults 18-49 and 8.6 million viewers.
The comedy took an exciting turn for fans on Monday when Barney (Neil Patrick Harris) and Robin (Cobie Smulders) got engaged, leaving Ted (Josh Radnor) to search for new love after eight will-they-or-won't-they-moments between him and Robin.
Motorola Mobility surveyed 9,500 people in 17 countries and found that "consumers are watching an enormous amount of video, in some surprising ways, in unexpected places."
The Iraqi Army has captured an Islamic State in Iraq and Syria fighter from China, the Baghdad-datelined report said.
If true, he would be the first Chinese national to have been caught fighting with ISIS militants.
Beijing has stepped up its carrot-and-stick efforts to appease local dissatisfaction and curb violence.
Tablets like the GenTouch could become popular among people who have never owned a computer, or who own a computer and just want light web access on the go.
(CNN) -- Kerry Kennedy, daughter of the late Sen.
In an opinion article published in the Danish newspaper Jyllands Posten on Saturday, Russian Ambassador Mikhail Vanin said he did not think the Danes fully understood the consequences of joining the missile shield.
"It took you 10 years to realize you were part of history," said Lenny Eisenberg, who made the journey to Bethel to see Jimi Hendrix perform.
Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion after the CIA's use of a fake vaccination program in 2011 to collect DNA samples from residents of Osama bin Laden's compound to verify the al Qaeda leader's presence there.
It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties.
Seoul (CNN) -- South Korea has rebuffed North Korea's demand to meet two of its fishermen whose boat strayed into the South's waters.
Bill Clinton has brought in almost $52 million from speeches generally going for $250,000 a pop.
Ronald Reagan caused a stir when he netted $2 million dollars for a couple of 20-minute speeches in Japan in 1989.
If you're looking for a role model from the bland, bearded roster of late 19th century ex-presidents, try Rutherford B.
Like Fallon before him, Meyers anchored SNL's "Weekend Update" desk.
Mondol is being tried as an adult and faces charges that include aggravated rape of a child under 16, indecent assault and battery on a person who has turned 14, assault and battery and intimidation of a witness.
If convicted, he faces up to 21 years in prison.
Also on trial is the Rev.
1 Williams leads the second-ranked Sharapova 16-2 in their rivalry -- but has won 15 matches in a row.
It functions in a similar manner to an everyday contact lens, bending light rays so they focus correctly on the retina.
But unlike a contact, this lens is inside the eyeball.
At least 1 - Member of the president's cabinet who doesn't attend, in order to preserve the line of succession.
1 - Times Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer has missed the speech since he joined the court in 1994.
22 - Number of guests hosted by first lady Michelle Obama in 2012.
Weeping family and friends gathered at the scene as questions lingered over whether David Kato was a victim of homophobia.
There have been 15 deaths since record-keeping began in 1924 and thousands of injuries in the tradition that dates back 400 years.
Either way ...
During a ceremony at the United Nations, U.N.
Ibrahim gave birth to a girl in a prison last month, two weeks after she was sentenced.
About 100,000 civilians fled their homes, and about 35,000 have been unable to return.
Russia and Georgia each blamed the other for starting the conflict, and accused each other of a variety of offenses leading up to and during the fighting, including ethnic cleansing.
They came to the conclusion that jobs constituting a staggering 47% of U.S. employment—well over 60 million jobs—could become automated in a decade or two.
But both Presidents George H.W.
U.S. diplomacy
(CNN) -- Google this week unveiled its Chrome Web Store, which aims to do for the Web what Apple's App Store did for mobile devices: It provides a place to explore and "install" Web-based applications.
(CNN) -- Keeping global warming down to a level people can live with means cutting carbon emissions to "near zero" by the end of the century, even in an increasingly industrialized world, the top U.N.
(CNN) -- The Mississippi River was closed at two different locations Thursday after a barge ran aground near Greenville, Mississippi, and the Army Corps of Engineers carried out dredging operations near La Crosse, Wisconsin.
The Greenville closure affects a 10-mile stretch of the Lower Mississippi, according to Coast Guard spokesman Lt.
(CNN) -- The Mississippi River was closed at two different locations Thursday after a barge ran aground near Greenville, Mississippi, and the Army Corps of Engineers carried out dredging operations near La Crosse, Wisconsin.
(CNN) -- U.N.
The Page, a collaborative effort between Buckingham Palace, Clarence House and the Royal Collection, will feature a mix of news, links, videos and photographs of various members -- primarily Queen Elizabeth, and Princes Charles, William and Harry.
This is the fourth profile Britain's royal family will have set up on a social networking site, having established a channel on video-sharing site YouTube in 2007, a profile on microblogging service Twitter in 2009 and an official photostream on photo-sharing site Flickr earlier this year.
It took Facebook about four years to reach 90 million users, according to Facebook's public statements.
Thousands of children never make it as far as the United States.
Rep.
(CNN) -- South Korea beat fellow World Cup finalists Ivory Coast 2-0 in a friendly international at Loftus Road in London on Wednesday.
More than 3,000 runners came to the West Bank for the Palestine Marathon on Friday.
To date, Maples has trained more than 1,000 criminal justice personnel in mindfulness techniques.
Even at a briefly discounted price of $458, the cheapest iPad has new competition this holiday season from smaller, less expensive tablets like Amazon's Kindle Fire ($199) and Barnes & Noble's Nook Tablet ($249).
More than 50 million people worldwide currently are refugees, asylum seekers or internally displaced within their own countries, the U.N.
More than two-thirds agree that films or other entertainment programs should be banned if they are deemed to be offensive.
A custom-made video truss and 60-foot circular LED screen were damaged "beyond repair" when a tour truck wrecked on the road from Los Angeles to Vancouver, British Columbia, where West was scheduled to perform Thursday night, Gabe Tesoriero said.Â 
(CNN) -- The U.S.
(CNN) -- Kraft is recalling 96,000 pounds of hot dogs because packaging labels were incorrect, federal officials said Sunday.
Paul has been embroiled in a bitter debate within his party over foreign policy, especially with McCain.
Austin Reed Sigg was 17 at the time of the killing and was charged as an adult.
Obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels.
Sanur is one of the best places in Bali to try out kite surfing.
(CNN) -- At least 150 people drowned when a boat leaving Libya capsized off the Tunisian coast this week, the U.N.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has called for more stringent testing and evaluation requirements as well as stronger warning labels.
Consult your dog's vet about the remedy that works best for your pet, and follow label directions carefully.
It is now being used as a refugee center where thousands of people have taken shelter.
California state officials, including Gov.
Approximately 90% of smokers have already started smoking by age 18, according to the Surgeon General.
Former U.S.
Commerce Secretary Gary Locke was snapped by a passing Chinese traveler on August 12 at a Starbucks coffee shop without any security and carrying his own backpack as he waited with his family.
It's hard to shake the feeling, though, that too many people are trying to turn Jaden Smith from what he is, which is an insolently charismatic and hard-working young actor, into a focal point of ill will over issues of class, fame, money, and yes, I'm going to say it race.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Listening to writer Brian K.
Meanwhile, second-placed Manchester United have been hit by illness and injury ahead of Wednesday's local derby at Manchester City.
(CNN) -- Michael J.
"If a child does not go through hardship, then he cannot become strong," he explains.
Video shot by CNN affiliate KABC-TV gave the first glimpse of the damage to the California Institution for Men in Chino from a riot that authorities said was ignited by racial tensions.
The verdict was reached after eight days of trial testimony examining whether Robin Thicke's and Pharrell Williams' "Blurred Lines," one of the most successful songs of the young century, was improperly drawn from a soulful hallmark from the prior one — Marvin Gaye's 1977 hit "Got to Give It Up."
"They are the Swiss army knife of the U.S. military," Marine Corps Brig.
(CNN) -- Arsenal moved to within three points of leaders Chelsea at the top of the English Premier League after Cesc Fabregas inspired them to a 2-0 victory at Bolton to spoil new manager Owen Coyle's first match in charge.
On August 14, 1970, the Assistant Secretary of Health, Dr.
The nation paused Monday to remember the Rev.
Attorney General Eric Holder is scheduled to speak at the King Day at the Dome rally in Columbia, South Carolina on Monday, according to organizers of the event.
Coffman first caught the attention of the FBI through her Facebook activity, according to a criminal complaint filed to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia.
With more than 5 million items, it's an impressive collection.
Caroline Kennedy, the new U.S. ambassador to Japan, is among those critical of the hunt; she tweeted: "Deeply concerned by inhumaneness of drive hunt dolphin killing."
Lillo Brancato Jr. appeared on "The Sopranos" and played alongside Robert De Niro in "A Bronx Tale."
As a teen, Brancato starred alongside actor Robert De Niro in "A Bronx Tale."
The 29-year-old American -- who has not played a competitive match since winning her fourth Wimbledon title in July 2010 -- is recuperating after going under the knife at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles.
Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants, many from South Africa's neighbors.
Substitute Ahmed al-Muhamadi was red-carded after handling on the goalline in a desperate attempt to deny Brazil -- and Real Madrid's recent $92million signing Kaka rifled home from the spot for his second goal of the game.
Intubated and sedated patients are often put on "sedation holidays."
US Airways "fully supports the actions of the crew in this situation," and the attendant "denied any use of the n-word or racist slurs" with Jackson, the airline said.
Jackson "was disruptive and our crew made the right decision," the airline said.
Lohan claimed that she'd been pestering "SNL" czar Lorne Michaels for a return trip to "SNL" for a long time.
The ever-excitable Fallon was kind to the eternally beleaguered starlet, focusing his questions mostly on "SNL" and on her just-announced role as Elizabeth Taylor in an upcoming Lifetime movie.
(CNN) -- Anna Nicole Smith's longtime partner and attorney Howard K.
Another film -- "About Fitna, the Netherlands and Wilders" from Radio Netherlands Worldwide -- is posted on LiveLeak.com as a counterargument to "Fitna."
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S.
No ocean?
What Zuckerberg didn't point out is that widespread use of the Like button allows Facebook to track people as they switch from CNN.com to Yelp.com to ESPN.com, all of which are sites that have said they will implement the feature.
Even if someone is not a Facebook user or is not logged in, Facebook's social plugins collect the address of the Web page being visited and the Internet address of the visitor as soon as the page is loaded -- clicking on the Like button is not required.
Turner wound up being deported to Bogota, Colombia, in May 2011 after U.S.
According to the U.S.
It's not yet known when the executions will be carried out.
This is Jalozai refugee camp near Peshawar, suddenly almost a city in its own right as thousands flee the violence raging between the Pakistani army and Taliban fighters.
Amputations in Haiti are especially difficult for patients because so many people get around on foot or by bicycle.
Jake England and Alvin Watts face murder and hate crime charges in connection with the April 6 shootings that also left two people wounded.
I discovered how cruel life can be, and how in one second a smile can turn into a tear, peace into war, a friend into an enemy and life into death.
Sadik Mohamed will be arraigned at the National Court in Madrid, the Interior Ministry statement said.
Surprisingly, 73 percent of people keep their exes in the friends list.
Diaz was in the crowd cheering after California Gov.
Morsy assumed office June 30 and has moved quickly to assert his authority.
A still image of al-Kassasbeh wearing the orange jumpsuit tops the short article titled: "The Capture of the Crusader Pilot."
Hickox, who recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone, defied a quarantine in a tense standoff with state authorities.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Kesha and Dr.
Unlike solar eclipses, lunar eclipses are safe to view with the naked eye and don't require special filters.
Al-Maliki is also working to pass legislation that limits his successors to a maximum of two four-year terms in office, a senior parliamentary advisor told CNN.
Iraq's constitution restricts the country's president from seeking a third term but does not set term limits for the prime minister or members of parliament.
Since the lawsuit was filed, CBS has sent checks totaling $43,403 in merchandising proceeds to the four actors and Bosley's widow, Patricia.
"Given these deliberate, coordinated and intensifying violent attacks on lives and property in Ferguson, I am directing the highly capable men and women of the Missouri National Guard ... in restoring peace and order to this community," Gov.
Divers around Rangiroa can spot tiger and hammerhead sharks, as well as dolphins, green turtles and eagle rays beyond the reef.
Female genital mutilation, which is also called female circumcision, is commonly performed on young girls without anesthesia, and is extremely painful and traumatizing, UNICEF said.
Sanchez's 3 to 5 p.m. daily spot will be filled by "CNN Newsroom" for the "foreseeable future," CNN said.
Could Obama achieve the impossible and actually create sympathy for ISIS?
The move is the latest attempt by Google to make the beta version of its connected eyewear more fashionable and consumer friendly before it releases the product to the broader public toward the end of 2014.
People who meet Kate warm to her.
The U.S.
Earlier this year, a U.S.
(CNN) -- The Louvre has stood at the heart of Paris for 800 years - in turns, medieval fortress, royal chateau and renaissance palace.
Now we want to know what's your favorite work of art inside the Louvre.
The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John L.
Kyle Beebe was charged in 2003 with possession of a controlled substance (marijuana) and served three years probation and paid a fine.
Illinois is poised to become the 15th state when its governor signs a same-sex marriage bill given final passage by its General Assembly last week.
Worldwide, 16 other countries (and parts of Mexico) also have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships.
(CNN) -- The U.S. military said it is investigating claims from Syria that U.S.
"We continue to call on BP to fulfill the promises of their ads," said Gov.
The Rev.
New York (CNN) -- The WTC Captive Insurance Co. announced settlements Thursday with more than 10,000 plaintiffs who claimed sickness or injuries after the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
The settlement would provide a system to pay for the compensation of the injury claims made by people working on the rescue and debris removal for the city and its contractors.
(CNN) -- Serena Williams has handed a three-year suspended ban from the U.S.
Vivid new details of the attack on the U.S.
The party continued Saturday with a cake and dinner at Lavo.
Virtually unrecognizable since his days starring in films like "Stuart Little" and "Like Mike," Lipnicki has spent a bulk of his time since graduating high school three years ago studying and fiercely working out, spending six days a week weightlifting and training in jujitsu.
Mubarak resigned February 11 after 18 days of protests against his rule.
The 767 aircraft -- Amerijet flight 840 -- landed about two hours later without incident at Miami International Airport.
"I am very sorry.
As part of the settlement, customers who bought Skechers "toning" shoes will be eligible for refunds either directly from the FTC or through a court-approved class-action lawsuit, officials said.
(CNN) -- U.S.
"What makes his death more important than that of my 19-year-old son?"
On the Senate floor Thursday morning, Sen.
The U.S.
Brown's probation supervision has been transferred from his hometown of Richmond, Virginia, to Los Angeles in September, the judge revealed.
(CNN) -- Authorities in Linden, New Jersey, have launched a homicide investigation after the discovery Monday of a pair of trash bags containing the dismembered remains of two people, officials said.
Autopsies were scheduled for Monday afternoon, according to the prosecutor's office.
Bush has been making the media rounds over the past several weeks, appearing on "The Today Show," "Oprah" and "The Tonight Show," among other programs, to talk about his memoir "Decision Points."
His last novel, "The City Beyond Play," was published in 2007.
The article, entitled "A symphony of maladies," focused on health problems among musicians and contained references to such ailments as fiddler's neck, flautist's chin and cellist's chest.
(CNN) -- Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia on Thursday in the "worst number of attacks" in one day in many years, an international maritime watchdog said.
Germany refused to share the debt burden of stressed eurozone peers on Tuesday, ignoring two of the most influential international economic bodies which offered support for proposals championed by Paris, Rome and Brussels ahead of a summit.
The 48-year-old has had well documented battles with alcohol and gambling during his career but showed he can still mix it with the best with a combination of big hitting and short game prowess.
KATHMANDU, Nepal (CNN) -- Pilot error caused the crash of a U.N.
Dr.
Because so many people have been complaining about the poor service, AT&T has introduced a reception tower to place in your home or office that amps up your reception.
#3 Charlotte Amalie, St.
Surrounded by mountains and the sea, Juneau, the state's capital, is accessible only by water or air.
Chelsea began the second-leg tie with a slender 1-0 lead and looked doomed when captain John Terry was sent off for violent conduct in the 37th minute and Andres Iniesta put Barcelona 2-1 up overall shortly afterward.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of O.C.
(CNN) -- Former Wales rugby captain Gareth Thomas has spoken of his relief at finally making public the fact he is gay -- and now wants to become a role model for gay people in sport.
(CNN) -- Facebook announced Tuesday that it plans to buy virtual reality firm Oculus VR for $2 billion.
It's the latest high-profile acquisition during the for the social network giant during its 10-year existence.
David Epstein is charged with one count of incest in the third degree, according to a statement from the Manhattan District Attorney's office.
The human rights organization Global Witness called the decision "shocking" and pulled out of the international scheme it helped create.
J.
(CNN) -- Claudio Ranieri's Roma side are through to the final of the Italian Cup, despite losing 1-0 to Udinese in the second leg of their semifinal on Wednesday.
(CNN) -- Claudio Ranieri's Roma side are through to the final of the Italian Cup, despite losing 1-0 to Udinese in the second leg of their semifinal on Wednesday.
Based on the findings of that review, Sens.
Acting as a broker between lenders and borrowers, peer-to-peer lenders say they can offer a better rate to both sides without the weight of regulation and the expensive branches that typically make high street banks so cautious.
China is home to the biggest rise in peer-to-peer lending and Dianrong claims to be growing at a massive 20% each month.
In the United States, peer-to-peer groups such as LendingClub and Prosper allow borrowers to apply for loans of as much as US$35,000 payable over three or five years.
The Australian pop diva battled back to health after she was forced to cancel a world tour when she was diagnosed with breast cancer two years ago.
Currently a Category 2 storm about 700 miles across, Ike could make landfall near Galveston Island as early as Saturday morning.
Four lists have already been compiled but have been kept secret because the alleged perpetrators should be given due process, said Vitit Muntarbhorn, a member of the U.N.
Over the last ten years Brazil has benefited from a commodity boom, but that boom is slowing.
The political system seems incapable of responding to these challenges.
(CNN) -- Novak Djokovic extended his winning run to 23 matches with a 6-3 6-1 victory over American Mardy Fish to reach the final of the Masters 1000 tournament in Miami Friday.
Louisiana Gov.
GM invested $25 million in the 33,000-square-foot Global Battery Systems Lab to develop and test the drivetrains underpinning the Chevrolet Volt and other hybrid, battery-electric and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles.
Three times as many Americans choose outpatient treatment as residential treatment, or rehab.
GoDaddy.com is registering them for $99 a year, making these domains considerably more expensive than standard domains (which you can buy at various sites at anywhere from $1.99 or $9.99 -- yearly maintenance fees are then more expensive).
The remains of Russel Rebello were found in a cabin in the wrecked ship, which is currently in Genoa, where it was moved to be scrapped, Italy's state-run ANSA news agency said Monday.
Cottrell searched for her son over the years, without success.
"New Jersey is facing a transportation crisis," Sen.
Yes, "Sherlock" star Benedict Cumberbatch is engaged to director and actress Sophie Hunter -- cue the crying emojis from some fans on Twitter -- but the actor revealed the news in a refreshingly humble way.
The combination has never before been used in a U.S.
Dennis McGuire was convicted in 1994 of the aggravated murder of Joy Stewart in Preble County, according to the state's governor, who has denied a request for clemency.
The congress will also be important because it will determine if Fidel Castro will stay on as the head of the Communist Party, ­ the only legal party in Cuba.
The funeral is scheduled for the Perry Mennonite Reception Center in Elliottsburg.
CNN Chief National Correspondent John King: "He did exactly what he needed to do by getting to it first.
"Che" stars Oscar winner Benicio Del Toro in the title role, for which he won a best actor award at this year's Cannes Film Festival.
Soderbergh's "Che" has been shown at six film festivals worldwide and will have a limited opening in the United States on December 12.
Race categories for New York courts come from the U.S.
Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) -- Iowa Gov.
Dr.
More than 30,000 people remain without power in New York and New Jersey.
Among the changes BA wants to impose is a reduction in the number of crew members on flights, Unite said.
BA plans to impose the changes starting November 16, according to Unite.
Some 36% of the world's population, 2.5 billion people, lacks improved sanitation facilities, and 768 million people still use unsafe drinking water sources, according to the World Health Organization.
Checking Twitter on a Friday night is the new normal.
Washington may be obsessed with Weiner, but Twitter users have already moved on.
Walden is nearly the opposite of Charlie Sheen's now-dead sleaze king Charlie Harper: Sweet, unsarcastic but -- here we stay true to the show's gawping bawdiness -- possessed of an astounding anatomical endowment that he soon puts to use.
The results suggest the top 10% of households earn nearly 21 times more than the poorest 10%.
"The richer the household, the more likely it receives shadow income."
Army Staff Sgt.
Across the world more than two in five pregnancies are unplanned.
As with physical books, there can be a wait involved in downloading an electronic book from a library's website.
Kenneth W.
(CNN) -- Werder Bremen coach Thomas Schaaf, 48, has signed a two-year contract extension tying him to the club until 2012.
The 33-year-old's candidacy came under fire earlier this month after some accused her of working as an escort in Las Vegas.
But it is also important that Obama administration officials will be in charge during the law's full implementation.
A member of the parliament committee studying the issue, Jonsdottir says a porn ban has "near zero" chance of passing parliament and that she's working to find other ways the government can help protect children from Web porn.
Aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water, shelter, food and access to education.
(CNN) -- United States captain Landon Donovan is poised for a January switch to Everton after the English Premier League club confirmed talks were underway about a loan move.
Army general Wednesday approved a possible death penalty in the future military trial of Maj.
U.S.
Do you know a hero?
(EW.com) -- Though Fox's diving show "Stars in Danger" did a total belly flop in the ratings, that hasn't swayed ABC from moving ahead with "Splash," the (new) name of its celebrity diving show that'll premiere Tuesday, March 19.
It's no spoiler to say that there is a happy ending, partly because this is the kind of constantly uplifting heart-warmer in which even the villains are congenial, but also because the injured animal is played by its real-life counterpart.
Morgan Freeman also plays a version of himself as a kindly wise man whose expertise in prosthetics helps save Winter.
Her disappearance prompted headlines worldwide.
No one has claimed responsibility, but immediate suspicion fell on the militant Islamic group Boko Haram, which has carried out similar church attacks in the past.
The question was not whether Obama was willing to work with Republicans, as he stated last week, but, "Are we willing to work with him?"
This will be the second time since the 1990s that the army has been sent in to combat Mafia crime in southern Italy, ANSA said.
The plant is located a mile north of the school in the town of Coteau-du-Lac, nearly an hour's drive southwest of Montreal.
China has had a history of walling itself from the outside world, fearful of foreign invasion and domination, from the times of the Mongols to the Opium Wars against the British through the brutal Japanese imperialism of the 20th century.
Within its Great Wall, China has exerted strong control over its people.
The natural habitat of the Ebola virus is in the central African forest belt region, Hartl said.
The incident occurred Thursday morning inside the front door of the city's AMIkids Infinity School and prompted authorities to rush the teens to a nearby hospital, according to police spokesman Mike Sullivan.
Steve Schmidt served as Sen.
The U.S.
The Dalai Lama, traditionally the spiritual and political leader of the Tibetan Buddhists, lives in exile in India.
GOP Reps.
Mao proved to be good at fighting but poor at governing.
The BoJ increased the scale of its key asset-purchasing programme by Y5tn ($61.7bn) to Y70tn, while adjusting the terms to allow it to buy more government debt, and with longer maturities.
Politicians within Japan have also been urging the BoJ to do more to fight the nation's chronic state of mild deflation, threatening to strip the bank of its independence should it fail to act aggressively.
(Financial Times) -- Three former Olympus executives pleaded guilty on Tuesday to filing false financial reports in connection with a $1.7bn accounting fraud at the Japanese camera company.
The walled city of Rothenburg ob der Tauber is one of the few towns in the Tauber Valley that has remained virtually untouched since the 17th century.
Gov.
The colorful bags weren't registered to any of the passengers on the plane.
"Texas can't afford to wait for Washington to act on this crisis, and we will not sit idly by while the safety and security of our citizens are threatened," Gov.
Egypt's public prosecutor ordered the arrest Saturday of nine men on criminal charges of "debauchery" after a social media video purporting to show a gay wedding went viral.
The Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC), a U.S. government agency that provides development assistance to countries that demonstrate a commitment to good governance, said it was halting all operations connected to a $350 million, five-year compact signed with the east African nation in 2007.
At the request of his family, Griffith's body was lowered into a grave on the island at about 11:30 a.m.
Hello Kitty is responsible for more than half of Sanrio's billion dollar annual turnover.
Chavez noted that Uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hundreds of hostages being held by the leftist rebel group Armed Revolutionary Front of Colombia (FARC) and the National Liberation Army (ELN).
With this series, and presuming his other franchises continue, Ramsay will have four shows on the air, more than any other broadcast network reality TV personality -- including "Hell's Kitchen," "Kitchen Nightmares" and "MasterChef."
Greece's credit rating has been slashed twice in the past two weeks -- most recently being downgraded to "junk" -- raising fears for the euro currency used by 16 nations across Europe.
Germany is expected to contribute the lion's share of EU funding to bail out Greece.
Motorcycle helmet use dropped from 67% in 2009 to 54% in 2010, according to a press release issued by the Governors Highway Safety Association.
Perrone is charged with three counts of murder and faces life in prison if convicted.
Al Shabaab is on the U.S.
But should we be ushering in the Year of the Sheep, Goat or Ram?
But the U.S. public does think that the incidents which led to that decision were acts of terrorism on the part of North Korea and nearly three-quarters of all Americans say that North Korea is a serious threat to the U.S.
The club reopened a few hours later for a P.
James Craig Anderson, 47, died after he was beaten and run over by a truck driven by Deryl Dedmon, who was part of a group of seven whites, mostly teenagers, from largely white Rankin County who decided to "go f**k with some n*****s" after a night of partying and drinking, law enforcement officials have said, quoting some of the suspects in the case.
Bangkok Food Tours also organizes a nighttime "Chinatown Foodie Walk & Culture Tour" daily, from 6 p.m.
The autopsy on Playboy's Miss February 2006 was done Thursday, but the determination of the cause of death has been deferred until toxicology testing is completed, Los Angeles County coroner's Lt.
Released in 2001, "Is This It" topped the 100 Greatest Albums Of The Decade list compiled by a panel of musicians, producers, writers and record label bosses, according to NME.com.
Depending on the configuration, the plane can seat 200 to 300 passengers and can travel more than 2,500 nautical miles.
New York police were involved in two high profile shootings last month.
The sources said the investigation began when New York's North Fork Bank notified the Treasury Department about suspicious transfers of money from Spitzer's bank accounts.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- U.S. and Iraqi negotiators have agreed on a draft of a status-of-forces agreement authorizing U.S. troop presence in Iraq, a Pentagon spokesman said Thursday.
Dramatic surveillance camera video shows a Skywest pilot running to a jet that, once set in motion, clips an airport building in last July's bizarre incident involving pilot Brian J.
Fire survivor Tripp Wylie, a 20-year-old South Carolina sophomore, said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends.
(CNN) -- Saying it is "unfair for Florida taxpayers to subsidize drug addiction," Gov.
Through his vast public and private sector networks, Berlusconi's influence on Italian affairs will continue for the foreseeable future and beyond.
Okah, who had been MEND's main arms smuggler, was arrested in September 2007 in the Angolan capital, Luanda.
Djokovic and former World No.1 Ana Ivanovic were beaten in the deciding mixed doubles 6-4 7-5 by Fernando Verdasco and Anna Medina Garrigues as Spain won the final 2-1 to claim the trophy at the mixed team event in Perth.
Kenya is East Africa's largest economy and has made a big push to carve out its space in the global market.
Kenyan authorities are working to normalize operations as quickly as possible, with a sizable effort to shift international traffic into the domestic terminal so flights from outside Africa can re-start Thursday.
The controversy has dogged the movie for weeks as politicians and pundits attacked the movie, which was based on screenwriter/producer Mark Boal's interviews with intelligence and military sources, for showing CIA agents beating and torturing suspects who later give up information that leads to Osama bin Laden.
He is often mobbed by fans in search of an autograph and has even been portrayed as a manga comic book superhero in "The True Story of Carlos Ghosn."
The ugliest projection for 2014?
LATEST: Cyprus' banks reopen for first time in two weeks
Anton Skiba called CNN on Saturday to confirm his release.
Phillip Greaves was arrested in his home state of Colorado in December and extradited to Polk County, Florida.
Rep.
Almost 80 percent of these are caring for someone older than 50.
The success of British car makers is echoed by U.S. car makers which are expected to report their first profits since 2004.
(CNN) -- Tuesday marked the last day of the Hajj, the annual pilgrimage that sees over two million Muslim pilgrims journey to Mecca in Saudi Arabia.
Meteorologists forecast 2 to 6 inches in the Texas and Oklahoma panhandles through Saturday afternoon.
The Los Angeles Police Department's threat management unit is investigating the threats, according to LAPD spokesman Andrew Smith.
The teen was taken to the same hospital as her father, where she remains in intensive care, drifting in and out of consciousness, Xinhua said.
Lt.
In anticipation of its newest 10-episode series, "Halt and Catch Fire," AMC is launching a two-week, full-episode sneak preview on Tumblr and AMC.com, making it the first-ever television show to premiere on Tumblr.
That is why this annual Q&A session -- in which Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television -- is such a widely anticipated event which provokes such excitement.
A new hedge fund called the Fine Violins Fund is dedicated to top-range instruments.
The U.S.
Doctors who specialize in the aging brain say that dementia is not inevitable, even in very old age.
Alzheimer's is perhaps the best known and most feared form of dementia.
Do you know a hero?
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
Lagarde's comments come after the eurozone economy grew 0.3% in the second period of this year following six consecutive quarters of contraction.
Youth unemployment in Spain and Greece is above 50%, where strict austerity programs are in place, while rates in Portugal, Italy and Ireland are all above 30%.
More than 160 people have been injured and about 5,000 have been left homeless, officials said.
Nearly 400 people have been killed in acts of violence in May, according to a CNN tally.
The Niger Delta is a region in Nigeria consisting of nine oil-producing states.
For $30 a year ($2.50 a month), users get 25GB to use for Google Drive and Picasa, plus 25GB of Gmail storage.
Like Microsoft's SkyDrive and Box, Google Drive offers in-browser access to files and folders, including document editing via Google Docs.
Ultimately, neither offering from Apple nor Amazon is likely to compete with Google Drive -- the products are focused on different use cases.
The U.S. is wary of China's military growth and economic might, while China is wary of America's pivot to Asia and President Barack Obama's increasingly tough line on trade.
About 70 per cent of India's 1.2bn people are under 35.
The comedian has been honing her skills with the Upright Citizens Brigade in New York since graduating from the University of Virginia with a drama degree in 2009, according to her official biography.
TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Officials say two men in Iran have been stoned to death for adultery and murder, while another escaped death by digging his way out of the hole where he was buried to face a similar fate, according to media reports.
Oakland police issued a third notice for demonstrators to vacate city parks on Saturday, police spokeswoman Officer Johnna Watson told CNN.
The weavers are not even putting a dent into the sheer growth of the plant, which at the moment is particularly severe.
Gen.
Officers at the airport in Montreal have made 173 drug seizures so far this year, including 10 for cocaine for a total of 44 kilograms, according to border services.
CIA officials told CNN they had no comment on whether any call had been intercepted.
But not all of the one in seven Americans who lose a parent or sibling before the age of 20 learn to cope the way Sullivan has.
(CNN) -- The last of Bernie Madoff's ill-gotten gains that remain in the hands of the U.S.
And it suggests that health regulations at the local level can have a measurable effect on public consumption — an important finding at a time when another pending citywide ban, this one on large sodas and sugary drinks, is generating headlines and controversy.
Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year?
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit, an Iraqi government official said Tuesday.
The Alabama teen disappeared during a high school graduation trip to Aruba in 2005.
Rep.
Ronald Soza returned home to find U.S.
The end of the 50-year freeze in diplomatic relations with Cuba will mean many more U.S.
Faisal Shahzad was arrested at JFK airport in New York as he prepared to board a flight to Dubai, Holder said.
But whether the audio quality of CDs is greater than vinyl remains a hotly debated topic among hi-fi enthusiasts.
(CNN) -- Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal made light work of their opening matches on the 2010 ATP Tour circuit on Tuesday, but a man who has beaten the world's top two tennis players suffered an embarrassing defeat.
The New England Compounding Center sent a letter to UniFirst Corp.
The short film reunites the award-winning creative team behind the 2013 blockbuster, including directors Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee.
A bank vault is being used to store medicine, now that the pharmacy is gone.
Everyone was really worried about her," says the source, who adds that Richards is not living with Ken, the boyfriend who was introduced as her love interest this season.
U.S. report on Iraqi readiness
As of this writing, Sheen's Twitter account, @CharlieSheen, has more than 1.3 million followers.
Following Chisholm's announcement, the U.S.
The group is the brainchild of "American Idol" judge Simon Cowell, who saw a potential market for an international, "popera"-style act after the soaring success of the Andrea Bocelli-Sarah Brightman duet "Time to Say Goodbye (Con te Partiro)."
The operatic quartet's new album, "The Promise," debuted atop the UK charts, their third collection to hit the No.
Last week, Russian officials agreed to forgive 90% of the more than $30 billion Cuba still owed Russia.
Similarly, U.S. stock futures fell around 1.7% in early electronic trading Sunday.
(CNN) -- In the 22 years that Jay Leno hosted the "Tonight Show" -- give or take the spare months Conan O'Brien took the helm -- O.J.
The Air Force plans to award a contract to build and develop the Long Range Strike Bomber to one of the industry's most powerful firms later this year and hopes to integrate them into the fleet by the mid-2020s.
The U.S.
The event was organized by Bright Automotive, a small carmaker from Anderson, Indiana, to showcase its IDEA, a new, 100-mpg plug-in hybrid electric vehicle that it hopes to market for government and commercial fleets.
The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D.
(CNN) -- Bayern Munich are through to the group stages of the Champions League after a 1-0 win at Swiss side FC Zurich gave them a 3-0 aggregate success in their play-off second leg.
The incident comes on the heels of several school-related violent incidents around the nation.
(PEOPLE.com) -- In another Oprah first, the media mogul has chosen a man to join her on the cover of her "O" magazine: Dr.
"I think I'm a better doctor than I am a husband," Oz, 51, tells Winfrey in January's issue.
The January issue of "O" will hit newsstands December 13.
Thirty-eight percent of Americans identify themselves as independents, according to a 2012 study on party identification by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press.
CNN asked independents why they refuse to align with a party and heard from more than 100 people.
JAKARTA, Indonesia (CNN) -- The U.S.
The Constitution allows a president to fill temporary appointments during a recess, without congressional approval.
Back pain is the second most common cause of disability in the U.S. after arthritis, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Fischer and Bush were arrested on charges of disorderly conduct, burglary and theft by unlawful taking, police said.
Starbucks joins an increasing list of brands and chains to offer free Wi-Fi in its stores.
Rather than just trying to create an aggregated portal of sources, Starbucks will be bringing quality content that is usually behind a pay wall to customers to access for free while in Starbucks stores.
"I want to grow, but I'm not going to grow for the sake of growth," Emil Congdon said.
Vito died Wednesday night at his son's home in Singapore after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
• On January 15, U.S.
Do you know a hero?
Almost 75% of the student population last year took up private education, according to the Ministry of Education.
South Korea's obsession with education and academic success is rooted in Confucianism.
The inequal distribution of wealth dropped to among the lowest in the Americas during his tenure.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Foxconn Technology Group -- the world's largest electronics manufacturer and supplier to companies like Apple, Samsung and Microsoft -- admitted that interns as young as 14 worked at one of its Chinese plants.
Almost half a million commuters depend on the railway system to travel within the greater Jakarta area.
Democratic presidential hopeful Sen.
Democratic presidential hopeful Sen.
Haitians have celebrated Carnival through dictatorships, military coups and bloodshed.
Dubai World is said to account for some $59 billion of Dubai's $80 billion debt burden.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Blind women are being trained to use their sensitive touch to help detect breast cancer earlier and more precisely than doctors.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- U.N.
The USDA says 1 million fewer students nationwide are eating federal school lunches since the guidelines were enacted in 2012 -- either by personal choice, or because their schools have opted out of the lunch program altogether.
They are accused of causing a severe head injury to a 23-year-old restaurant employee by stringing a rope between poles across a road.
Kampala, Uganda (CNN) -- The U.S.
Kampala, Uganda (CNN) -- The U.S.
Calderon, a Democrat, represents the city of Montebello in Los Angeles County.
But first, let's talk about what's arguably the most famous plane spotting destination on the planet: Maho Beach on the tiny Caribbean island of St.
Rivers, 81, stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic last week, according to the New York Fire Department.
The attack occurred around 3:30 p.m.
Rafiq Husseini was accused of using the power of his office to extract sex from a female job seeker.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Queen Elizabeth II has become a YouTube hit after apparently losing her temper with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi during a photocall for G-20 leaders.
One Direction have already released a line of school supplies with Office Depot and a signature 1D fragrance is in the works.
Daisey issued a statement about the incident on his personal blog:
Dr.
There were no U.S.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack in an e-mail to CNN.
Meanwhile, Sunday's Istanbul derby between Besiktas and Galatasaray was abandoned due to crowd trouble at the end of the match between two of Turkey's leading teams.
On the flip side, Michael Bublé's "Christmas" surged from Number Eight to Number Two, selling 123,000 copies and gaining 38 percent in sales.
Python has always been equal parts deadpan and silly, highbrow and low, and the "Monty Python Live (Mostly)" show -- which concluded Sunday at London's O2 Arena and was simulcast all over the world -- highlighted those distinctions.
MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- Searchers looking for a woman believed to have fallen from a cruise ship off the Yucatan coast of Mexico have seen no sign of her, a U.S.
Public records show that the city signed a $432,900 contract for typewriter maintenance with Afax Business Machines in 2008, as well as a $99,570 contract with that company in 2009.
"It's so antiquated," said one officer who did not want to be identified.
Lukas Podolski pulled a goal back late on for Germany with his third strike in two games to set up a nail-biting finale, but there was to be no way back for Joachim Loew's team, who finished with 10 men following the 90th-minute dismissal of substitute Bastian Schweinsteiger .
They unanimously chose to be led once again by veteran Ohio Rep.
They unanimously chose to be led once again by veteran Ohio Rep.
An attorney for Pappert issued a statement saying the officer was sorry for his comments.
Catalino Pineda is one of five people who have been arrested in arson investigations this week, but none of them has been linked to the major wildfires raging across Southern California.
The U.S. military has 18 helicopters from the 16th Combat Aviation Brigade out of Wainwright, Alaska, flying aid missions to the Swat district of North West Pakistan.
Kalam, Pakistan (CNN) -- If you've ever been on the subway during rush hour in one of the world's major cities you will understand how crammed the U.S.
Last year's winner, 'Please Look After Mom" by South Korean writer Shin Kyung-sook, has sold more than two million copies worldwide.
David Matthew Kwiatkowski, 32, is accused of infecting at least 30 people when he worked in the cardiac catheterization lab (CCL) at Exeter Hospital.
The 780-foot (237-meter) Maersk Alabama is the first U.S.
Phobias are the No.
The Illinois Senate voted 59-0 on Thursday to remove Blagojevich from office.
The series of paintings, which are said to part of a "visual journal" made by the singer during his travels through Japan, China, Vietnam and Korea, have been compared to famous photos by well-known photographers such as Henri Cartier-Bresson and LÃ©on Busy.
The driver turned it into the police, who then tried to track down the rightful owner.
Hong Kong law dictates that after three months, the police may return Hong Kong property to the finder.
Before he was killed, Osama bin Laden himself warned his followers to take precautions against drone strikes, according to documents seized during the raid on his Pakistan compound
One of those elevated to the College of Cardinals was American Archbishop James M.
Considered a political independent, Fayyad was appointed by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in June 2007 to be prime minister.
The Thai military instated the curfew when it seized power after months of unrest that had destabilized the elected government and caused outbursts of deadly violence in Bangkok.
The curfew had already been lifted in more than 30 provinces and districts, including Thailand's tourist hotspots such as Phuket, Pattaya, Krabi and Koh Samui.
One U.N.
The cell also allegedly planned to recruit new members, promote the work of al Qaeda and raise funds to help the network extend its activities to other countries in the region, the report said.
NBC announced earlier that it will partly restock its lineup with a few new comedies.
She faces felony charges of unlawful restraint, cruelty and bias intimidation, and is expected to appear in court in Manchester, Connecticut, on August 1.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The bay pilot who steered a container ship into the San Francisco Bay Bridge in 2007, causing a massive oil spill, pleaded guilty Friday to violating misdemeanor pollution laws and faces up to 10 months in prison, federal prosecutors said.
South Sudan voted to split from the north and is scheduled to declare its independence in July.
A devout Christian and an engineer, Paya was known far beyond Cuba for his criticisms of the island's socialist government.
Spc.
The trial of three Al Jazeera journalists held on terrorism-related charges in Egypt was adjourned until May after the court on Tuesday viewed videos presented by the prosecution.
Australia, France and the UK also participated in the aid drop.
Infantino issued a recall Wednesday of two baby slings, the "SlingRider" and the "Wendy Bellissimo," offering customers replacement slings.
Earlier this month, the U.S.
The state forestry division has 15 days to appeal the citations, which accuse the organization of mismanaging the fire when it failed to prioritize the safety of firefighters over the protection of non-defensible structures and property.
The Big Three's financial woes have had a direct impact on the Michigan economy with hundreds of thousands of layoffs and/or buyouts.
Unless you're a waged worker (paid hourly) like 59 percent of U.S. workers are, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, you probably don't have a clue what your salary translates to per hour.
The case drew widespread attention when District Judge G.
Retired Gen.
MADRID, Spain (CNN) -- A Spanish judge has indicted three suspected former Nazi concentration camp guards Thursday on charges of genocide and ordered their arrests.
Also Wednesday, moderate Republican Sen.
Aso's visit to Washington comes, as his approval rating stands at a meager 11 percent, the second lowest ever recorded for a Japanese prime minister.
The MPAA handed a PG-13 rating today to "The Dark Knight Rises," for "intense sequences of violence and action, some sensuality and language."
But it does provide us with a tantalizing indication for what may be in store with a wildly anticipated film that has otherwise put a high premium on plot details.
(CNN) -- Arizona Gov.
The incident started when several players complained of headaches and dizziness.
The agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution.
(CNN) -- Burkino Faso have been cleared to participate in the Africa Cup of Nations after Namibia's claims they fielded an ineligible player were thrown out by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).
Sam Catlin ("Breaking Bad") will serve as executive producer and showrunner, while Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg ("This is the End") will executive produce and write the pilot draft.
The material was part of more than 46,000 pages released by the William J.
Supported by coalition air strikes, the Kurds swept down to seize the area late last month.
In two days, the Peshmerga say, ISIS sent 20 vehicle bombs up the road, a sign of how badly the terrorists want to retake this position.
Sandy Clubb said she was told, "It all came down to your backyard."
Leading up to the U.N.
The church has been badly shaken by allegations of widespread child abuse by clergy in deeply Catholic Ireland, and hundreds of people who say they were abused have come forward in Germany, Austria and the Netherlands.
The annual "Ulchi Freedom Guardian" exercise involves about 530,000 troops from South Korea, the United States and seven other countries, as well as computer-aided simulations, the U.S. command in Seoul reported.
The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk, the agency said in a press release.
The actor's comedy series "Anger Management" was just picked up for a 90-episode renewal, FX announced.
"Anger Management's" premiere was the most-watched basic cable scripted comedy debut in history and the series overall has averaged 4.5 million viewers and 2.5 million adults 18-49.
"Anger Management's" premiere was the most-watched basic cable scripted comedy debut in history and the series overall has averaged 4.5 million viewers and 2.5 million adults 18-49.
(CNN) -- The BBC will pay British politician Lord Alistair McAlpine £185,000, or about $293,480, to settle his libel claim arising from a news program about child abuse allegations at children's homes, the BBC said Thursday.
London (CNN) -- After centuries buried beneath the Vatican, and decades hidden away inside the Holy See, the bones of a man long believed to be St.
(CNN) -- In 2009, a freshly elected U.S. president who campaigned on the themes of hope and change appointed a veteran negotiator to take a crack at the Israel-Palestinian conflict.
(CNN) -- Efforts to forge lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians apparently suffered more setbacks Wednesday, even as U.S.
Three years later Japanese engineering giant Mitsubishi bought Hashima and transformed it into a highly efficient mining facility housing workers and their families in some of the world's earliest concrete high-rises.
But the move follows U.S.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The Renault F1 team have shown a united front with Ferrari with a threat to boycott the 2010 Championship unless proposed rule changes are dropped by the sport's governing body.
The painting, "Blanchisseuses souffrant des dent" ("Laundry Women with Toothache,") was taken in 1973 from the Malraux Museum in Le Havre, in Normandy, France, the U.S.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Two U.S.
He dressed stylishly -- if a little too flamboyantly for many tastes -- groomed himself painstakingly and appeared unembarrassed when asked about his formidable following of gay fans.
"Doing so will send a strong message that there will be no impunity for attacks against the media, nor for any serious crimes," the office of the U.N.
(CNN) -- Sens.
Hillary Clinton and John McCain are pushing for a gas-tax holiday, but Sen.
North Carolina Gov.
The associate -- who was actually a source assisting law enforcement -- said he would help Masri but insisted on going to join Al-Shabaab as well.
Seven survivors and 24 bodies were pulled from the water, the semiofficial Anadolu news agency reported.
Spc.
Queen Victoria was the first royal to use anesthesia in childbirth
Prince William was the first heir to the throne to be born in hospital
Detroit Police Chief James Barren said Jamall Turner is one of two suspects in the shootings, which occurred at a bus stop near Cody High School after summer-school classes had ended for the day.
A Connecticut rabbi returned $98,000 in cash he found in a plastic bag hidden behind drawers of an ordinary office desk he bought on Craigslist in September.
Morakot's winds were clocked at 118 kilometers per hour (73 mph) in its eye, according to the province's meteorological bureau as cited by Xinhua.
Nearly a million people were evacuated from Fujian and Zhejiang provinces as Morakot approached.
The NLD won more than 80% of the legislative seats in 1990 -- the first free elections in the country in nearly 30 years -- but the ruling military junta refused to recognize the results.
(CNN) -- African soccer star Emmanuel Adebayor has revealed that he is quitting international football in the wake of the deadly gun attack on the Togo team bus in Angola in January.
World No.
The attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location for the bomb, leading authorities to evacuate people from the center of town to the end of the street, right where the bomb went off.
The Real IRA, a dissident republican paramilitary group, claimed responsibility for the bombing.
About 4,200 U.S. military personnel are currently supporting task force operations, and 6,300 military personnel are scheduled to arrive by Monday, the command said.
The passenger is being kept overnight at Hackensack University Medical Center for further evaluation "in an abundance of caution," spokeswoman Nancy Radwin said.
The iceberg, measuring 140 square km (54 square miles), cleaved off an ice shelf nearly 10 years ago and had been floating near Antarctica before commencing on its unusual journey north.
For one, while he says he did a majority of his own dancing, he wished he had been able to do some of the flips and complicated dance moves in the movie's famous warehouse scene.
She's the first child for the 32-year-old Kardashian, who has modeled, acted and launched business ventures but is best known as a reality TV star with a huge international following, having amassed some 18 million Twitter followers
(CNN) -- Texas authorities released court documents Thursday detailing the items seized from the medical office and storage unit of Dr.
He said he is willing to lead the investigation in a "truthful, unbiased fashion."
While millions of people around the world take cruises every year, at least 168 people have vanished from cruise ships and ferries in international waters since 1995, according to the International Cruise Victims Association.
Yousufzai is currently being treated in the United Kingdom at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham, after she was shot in the head by gunmen in October in retaliation for her advocacy.
Gen.
Authorities were testing food and drink samples from the event and sending representatives to communities throughout the area to look for additional cases.
The Spaniard left English Premier League side Liverpool last month and has been in negotiations with the Italian club for nearly a week.
BETHLEHEM, West Bank (CNN) -- Hundreds of Christians packed the Church of the Nativity on Thursday for a midnight Mass in what is thought to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ.
But there is a silver lining in this slow down.
The most significant upgrade to Blekko's search engine is the addition of slashtags that auto-fire for queries that fall into one seven categories: health, colleges, autos, personal finance, lyrics, recipes and hotels.
The defendants include Sam LaHood, International Republican Institute country director and the son of U.S.
Civilians are "frequently caught in indiscriminate fire" from Ethiopian snipers on top of buildings, it said.
About 6% of women and 5.5% of men are compulsive buyers, according to a 2006 study from Stanford University in the American Journal of Psychiatry.
Compulsive shopping sometimes goes hand in hand with alcoholism and eating disorders, Forrest said.
Both messages end with the words "love you" to the victim.
Malik said FHM doctored the photographs to show her without clothes and has now revealed plans to sue the publication.
But FHM India says Malik knew the terms all along and approved the photos.
The National Transportation Safety Board questions the safety of the Zodiac CH-601XL.
The FAA had no immediate response to the safety board's recommendation.
The U.S. government has pressed for Liu's release.
The outbreak in Ohio began with a group from Christian Aid Ministries, who went on a mission trip to the Philippines earlier this year, health officials say.
Clinton responded: "When did I say that and to whom did I say that?"
Playing against Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka at the Australian Open in Melbourne on Wednesday night, Baghdatis was down two sets and looking shaky in the third when he let loose with a spectacular outburst.
Jim Holperin said the remaining 13 absentee Democrats will be returning individually between Thursday and Saturday.
Sen.
(CNN) -- Inter Milan were held to a drab goalless draw by Genoa in the San Siro on Sunday to leave them four points clear of arch-rivals AC Milan in Serie A.
They will be honored at "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute," a globally broadcast event that airs live December 2 at 9 p.m.
In calling the Legislature back into session, Texas Gov.
Four U.S.
The U.S.
"I think I'm taking up your air time," Dr.
"Given the nation's financial situation, it is my view that the intelligence budget needs to be carefully reviewed and that cuts will be necessary," said Sen.
On Friday, Facebook announced an upgrade to its "lean" mobile site m.facebook.com.
This upgrade integrates the full range of features found in Facebook's mobile site for smartphones and other phones with touchscreen browsers: touch.facebook.com.
The Pakistani military is fighting Taliban militants in the country's north, and missile attacks from suspected U.S.
The allegations of ICE forcibly drugging deportees were raised last month by Sen.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Expanded testing across India in the past three years shows a 2,000 percent jump in the number of HIV cases among children, the country's health minister announced Wednesday.
The huge increase in the number of confirmed cases may be due to the expanded testing for the virus.
Rivers, 81, stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic Thursday morning, according to the New York Fire Department.
Huckabee was vastly outspent by Romney, who poured millions of dollars into a sophisticated get-out-the-vote operation.
Ullah -- the latest Pakistani to be accused of blasphemy -- is a Muslim, according to police.
Last year, the average Swiss person traveled about 2,000 miles by rail; most of those journeys happened during the morning or evening rush hour.
A trial court handed down the death sentence last year for Kasab, a Pakistani, on charges of murder, conspiracy and waging war on India.
Health Care Address - Hear the latest arguments in the debate over U.S. health care reform.
Campaign Finance - Review the details of a court case that could impact U.S.
Purifying Invention - Find out how one inventor hopes to quench concerns about clean water.
The wins keeps the U.S.
The state-run Antara News Agency had said that two people were reportedly killed when a 12-bus convoy carrying employees of PT Freeport was attacked by unidentified gunmen in the country's eastern-most province.
Kaka is currently in Brazil with the national team ahead of a World Cup qualifier against Uruguay and earlier in the day had appeared to rule out a move from Italy's Serie A.
Talks are expected to resume in mid-January with new proposals.
Burkina Faso were leading 1-0 through a first half Traore strike when they had goalkeeper Abdoulaye Soulama sent off in the second half for handling the ball outside his area.
The new CNN/Time/Opinion Research Corporation Polls offers data that shows Democrats running for Senate seats in four key states are in dire straits and a president with little juice to help propel them to victory.
But the Democrats running for governor in three of four of these states surveyed by CNN/Time/ORC shows that these candidates are either competitive or leading in their individual races.
Gazprom posted profits of $30.8 billion last year -- down from $40 billion the year before -- and its business alone accounts for 10 percent of Russia's gross domestic product.
Cambridge asks applicants: "What would you do if you were a magpie?"
The semifinal in Punjab province was Pakistan's first match in India since the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks which further strained relations between the two sub-continent nations.
A religious group staged a demonstration outside the show's studio last year, and government censors complained about the content.
And for people waiting for transplants, "There's nothing greater than for a family member to receive an organ so they can watch their family grow up."
The budget battles ahead will only be further complicated by the 2012 campaign, of course, as both parties trade charges and potentially move farther from compromise.
Most of Canada's 2,500 troops in Afghanistan are in Kandahar as part of the NATO-led mission to stabilize the war-torn country.
The Canadian mission in Afghanistan was to end next February.
A joint venture between design teams at MIT's Tangible Media Group and the Fluid Interface Group have incorporated the social network into a garment which signals to other wearers your interests, associations and even if people are compatible organ donors.
The group of MIT students behind the project - Viirj Kan, Katsuya Fujii, Judith Amores, and Chang Long Zhu Jin - wanted to look at ways of seeing how social media worked outside the confines of the computer screen.
Groups that need to find each other in a crowd -- from industry conferences to people who are part of a niche interest -- are likely to want to use the clothing to find like-minded souls.
The series of strips ran nationally this week with the premise that a small girl named 'Libby' (or 'Lib') would stand in for Pastis.
If convicted, she faces up to 15 years in prison and a possible $250,000 fine at sentencing.
Jesse Jackson Jr. said Friday that he was fighting to get "my name back" after he was identified as "Senate Candidate 5" in a criminal complaint against Illinois Gov.
His history of lung problems dates to when he was a political prisoner on Robben Island during apartheid, and he has battled respiratory infections over the years.
Malta is a hub for immigrants from Africa trying to reach Europe.
Nearly 1,000 customers were without power, according to Baltimore Gas and Electric Company's Web site.
The jailer, Arthur Redelfs, and his wife, Lesley Ann Enriquez, were killed in a drive-by shooting in Juarez earlier this month.
(CNN) -- Bahrain has ordered the expulsion of a U.S.
Bahrain has made headlines over the past three years after pro-democracy protests sparked a government crackdown.
The sight of columns of smoke rising from an artillery strike sent a frisson of real fear through this city of 12 million.
It was the first such attack since the Korean War ended at midnight, July 27, 1953, and Seoul itself lies in range of massed, long-range North Korean artillery dug into the Demilitarized Zone.
An estimated 350 contract workers at PCCW walked off the job for a half-day and staged a protest outside the company headquarters, chanting slogans such as: "We are against pay cuts.
It was not immediately clear why the raids were conducted and authorities declined to elaborate.
Opponents of the amendment regroup Wednesday to decide the next course of action, with some planning campaigns in cities across the state this week.
Al-Bashir visited Kenya last year to attend the ceremony for a new constitution.
Long-term sleep problems also may exacerbate other chronic medical conditions such as diabetes or hypertension, experts say.
The plane was on a routine flight from Kinsasha to the eastern city of Goma on Monday, with three stops, Illemassene said.
(CNN) -- Kofi Annan, whose initiative to forge peace in war-ravaged Syria failed to take hold, said he has resigned as the U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy because of "increasing militarization on the ground" and "the clear lack of unity" at the U.N.
U.S.
The tanker was carrying two million barrels of crude oil worth about $100 million when pirates hijacked it off the coast of Somalia.
A small aircraft is observed by the U.S.
(CNN) -- The United States will withdraw another 4,000 troops in Iraq by the end of October, the U.S. military commander in Iraq said in prepared testimony for a congressional hearing Wednesday.
A suicide bomber detonated his explosives at the entrance gate of the traffic police compound.
New York (CNN) -- Sixteen years ago, Sundhe Moses was found guilty of second-degree murder for the death of a 4-year-old girl caught in a gang-related shootout.
He also used Facebook to call for an armed march in Washington for the same day but called off the event in May.
(EW.com) -- "The Girl Who Played With Fire," the sequel to last year's David Fincher-directed "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo," will not be in theaters late next year as had originally been hoped, a source close to the production tells EW.
"Dragon Tattoo" screenwriter Steven Zaillian is still working on the script, and nothing will move forward until the screenplay is nailed down.
Do you know a hero?
(CNN) -- Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen claimed his fourth Belgian Formula One Grand Prix victory in five years at Spa to end an astonishing run of 26 races without a win for the 2007 world champion.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- On their son's last night as president, a melancholy former President George H.W.
The body of Steven L.
Ebro is a global producer of rice, pasta and sauces with a large international footprint -- its home Spanish market accounts for just 7% of its turnover.
The company has offset sluggish demand in Europe by expanding into higher growth markets that include Morocco, Egypt and Thailand.
Most recently Ebro acquired a 25% stake in Riso Scotti for $23.6 million -- it's the leading risotto rice brand in Italy.
Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington (CNN) -- Army Staff Sgt.
The 34-year-old has scored 157 goals in 341 appearances since he signed for the west London club from French side Marseille back in 2004 and he has been linked with a big-money move to China.
His brother, Osiel Cardenas Guillen, was the cartel's founder and former leader.
Former Massachusetts Gov.
Crissy Field gives you everything you love about San Francisco in one scenic package.
Hernandez is the first TSA officer to die in the line of duty.
President Bush raised a record $42.8 million dollars for his second inauguration, and according to Public Citizen, more than 90 percent of the donations to that ceremony were from executives or corporations.
There's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like Shibuya, Shinjuku and Akihabara; the skyscrapers glowing with illuminated signs, subway stops inside shopping malls and taxis with automated doors could be straight out of "Blade Runner" or "The Fifth Element."
Former Florida Gov.
Along with these women, men like Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus, both men of stature and wealth, may have chipped in to help fund Jesus' ministry.
Sixteen state hospital associations operate Web sites that allow comparison shopping for such inpatient procedures as appendectomies, maternity stays and knee or hip replacements: Georgia, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin.
In a country where water is scarce, the revelation is crucial.
(CNN) -- Like so many U.S. service members before them, the bodies of Sgt.
The controversy over the arrest of Vorayud Yoovidhaya, 27, who is a prominent member of one of Thailand's richest families, resulted in the suspension of a police officer accused of having another person pretend to have been driving Yoovidhaya's car.
Police Sgt.
Vorayud Yoovidhaya's grandfather, Chaleo Yoovidhaya, teamed with an Austrian businessman to create the Red Bull brand and products based on a Thai drink.
Obama re-election campaign press secretary Ben LaBolt wouldn't respond directly to Buell's comments, but he did offer a written statement that said, "The president has done more to wean us off of foreign oil and transition the nation to a clean energy economy than any other -- investing in renewable energy and high-speed rail, building a smart grid and reaching a historic agreement with the automakers on fuel economy standards that will save us from importing millions of barrels of oil from the Middle East.
Members of King's family stood beside the towering 30-foot statue of him as crowds sang "Happy Birthday" at a ceremony Sunday.
The machine can also import BeerXML-formatted recipes and translate and scale them to the PicoBrew's setup.
60% - Percentage of Americans who support same-sex marriage, according to a May 2015 Gallup Poll.
Eyewitnesses say Neda was shot by pro-government Basij militiamen perched on a rooftop.
A growing number of countries around the world now allow same-sex marriage, the majority of them in Europe.
Millions of barrels of oil flowed from the BP well and into the Gulf region, where coastal businesses rely heavily on the seafood industry.
"They were asking for money in return for the information," said Brooks, who was acting deputy editor of the Sun at the time.
Although Bill is not expected to make a direct hit on the island, forecasters cautioned that the storm is large and will generate large swells on Bermuda as well as the islands of the northeast Caribbean Sea over the next day or two.
Shenzhou-8 joined up with the 8.5-ton Tiangong-1 343 kilometers (213 miles) above Earth, according to Wu Ping, spokesperson with the China Manned Space Engineering Project.
Traffickers who might have continued to operate their drug organizations from luxury prison cells near their Colombian homes find themselves serving extended terms far away in U.S. penitentiaries without wall-to-wall carpets, big-screen TVs or easy phone access.
Willis never trademarked her most-famous work, calling it "my gift to the city."
The X-47B Unmanned Combat Air System (UCAS) demonstrator completed a catapult launch from the USS George H.W.
Olive Riley died Saturday at a nursing home in New South Wales.
In her final post, dated June 26, Riley wrote how she felt weak "and can't shake off that bad cough."
There are eleven global "top-tier" sponsors of the games, each paying around $100 million for a contract, and 44 other sponsors.
(WIRED) -- AT&T broadband users will soon face a cap on the amount of internet data they can download a month.
Traditional DSL users will be capped at 150 GB per month, while subscribers to the fiber-backed UVerse system have a 250-GB limit.
Amongst the surprises in the acting categories: "Drive's" Ryan Gosling over "Tinker Tailor's" Gary Oldman, "Martha Marcy May Marlene's" Elizabeth Olsen over "Albert Nobbs'" Glenn Close, and three previously dark-horse Best Supporting Actor candidates: "Young Adult's" Patton Oswalt, "Warrior's" Nick Nolte, and "Rise of the Planet of the Apes'" Andy Serkis.
Gen.
Barry -- who goes by Christopher -- declared his candidacy Monday, according to the D.C.
According to the All India Football Federation (AIFF), Bangalore Mars Football Club striker Venkatesh collapsed towards the end of a game Wednesday against South Western Railway in the Bangalore District Football Association 'A' Division after coming on as a substitute.
The 27-year-old Brazilian international full-back, who had been linked with a move to big-spending Manchester City next season, has agreed a three-year extension to his current deal.
Alves, who is currently with the Brazil squad preparing for the friendly international against Scotland in London this weekend, moved to the Camp Nou from Spanish rivals Sevilla for 29.5 million euros in 2008 and is a key member of coach Pep Guardiola's side.
In what may be his final act, retiring Sen.
(CNN) -- U.S.
London (CNN) -- Germany has been at the very heart of the European Union since it began 60 years ago as a way of pooling coal and steel resources -- and of preventing future wars on a continent already devastated by brutal conflicts.
The Togo squad flew back home from Angola on January 9 after three of their travelling party were killed and two players seriously injured by a machine-gun attack which occurred as their bus crossed the border into the northern, oil-rich state of Cabinda two days earlier.
Three of the 12 people killed died while shielding their girlfriends from the gunfire.
"He is a hero.
Former child soldiers testified that Lubanga recruited them to kill, rape and rob.
19-year-old phenom Bryce Harper is less than a month into his baseball career with the Washington Nationals, and he's already making his presence felt in the nation's capital.
Wells proved women could sell records and fill arenas by singing country songs from a woman's point of view, according to her Recording Academy biography.
Daniel St.
Daniel St.
Daniel St.
The victim lived with his mother, who was Patterson's girlfriend.
The suspected ringleader, Narseal Batiste, 35, was sentenced to 13½ years in prison plus 35 years of supervision after his release.
(CNN) -- An attorney for Elisa Baker, the stepmother accused of killing 10-year-old Zahra Baker, said Monday he plans to file for a change of venue because of the publicity the North Carolina case has received.
Obama's other Oval Office address was two months ago to address the nation about the Gulf oil disaster.
Conflict or "blood" diamonds are illegally traded to fund conflict in war-torn areas, particularly in central and western Africa, according to the World Diamond council, which represents the commercial diamond trade.
Military officials described the weekend operation as a devastating blow to the rebel group known as the FARC, which has been at war with the South American nation's government since the 1960s.
Katsav, of the center-right Likud Party, was president of Israel from 2000 to 2007.
One freelance journalist and filmmaker -- who is not named for his own security -- has just left Homs, and CNN is showcasing what he saw on the front lines of a city at war.
They told him what was motivating them in their struggle against overwhelming force.
In Baba Amr, many believe that real change in Syria will only come from the barrel of a gun.
Rounding out the Top 5 was the Tina Fey/Paul Rudd comedy Admission, which only earned $6.4 million from 2,160 theaters in its first weekend.
"As Indonesia's middle class increases in number, more and more people will be traveling throughout the archipelago," said Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Britain's Prince William has helped the U.S.
"I'm scared.
CNN will speak to Blatter in an exclusive interview at FIFA's headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland on Monday 29 March where we will ask him the questions you want answered -- just add your query to the bottom of the page.
In March, shortly after the attack, the family of Charla Nash filed a lawsuit seeking $50 million in damages from the owner of the primate.
Disinfect bath toys frequently or avoid buying ones that collect water and breed mold and bacteria.
The AAP does not recommend pets for families with children under the age of 5 because of germs and a child's immature judgment.
A Sony spokeswoman had no comment when CNN asked about these recent copyrights.
(CNN) -- Three-time Formula One world champion Sebastian Vettel has extended his deal with Red Bull through to the end of the 2015 season.
If "Lottery Ticket" had as much conviction as laughs, it could have hit the jackpot.
The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey A.
The NTSB will "launch a broad investigation into the entire safety regime that governs the low-cost tour bus industry," Sen.
Charles Schumer and Rep.
The 28-year-old Johnson is in the team for the second time, while Stricker, who has formed a successful partnership with Tiger Woods in previous U.S.
(CNN) -- Jim Furyk, Steve Stricker, Brandt Snedeker and Dustin Johnson were named as wild card picks Tuesday for the United States Ryder Cup team to face holders Europe later this month.
He said that more than 200 cars were washed into the Sea of Marmara and 800 homes and businesses were flooded in the neighboring town of Selimpasa.
The U.N.
Health Care Debate - Consider a new proposal's impact on the U.S. health care debate.
Making the Vaccine - Visit a Chinese laboratory to see how an H1N1 vaccine is produced.
Constitution Day - Test your knowledge of some facts found in the U.S.
"She served as first lady during a very turbulent time and our thoughts and prayers are with her family today," Alabama Gov.
Four others were shot and wounded at the party in East Orange, New Jersey.
Roy E.
Menendez, a New Jersey Democrat, has long denied a report that accused him of partying with prostitutes in the Dominican Republic.
Former President George H.W.
Director Justin Lin (who helmed this weekend's "Fast Five") is reportedly attached to direct the film, but it does not yet have a screenwriter.
Rome (CNN) -- Prosecution witnesses at the trial of Capt.
The founder and editor-in-chief of the Huffington Post says that starting next month, she will require readers to identify themselves by name in the comments sections of her eponymous news site.
Since its launch in 2005, the Huffington Post has garnered 260 million comments from its online community of readers, according to the spokesperson.
Indeed, Cheong believes the main audience for Wednesday's rocket launch is North Korea's own citizens -- not the rest of the world.
(CNN) -- Author Arthur C.
Up to 11 military aircraft, one civil aircraft and 14 ships will assist in Sunday's search for the missing airliner, the Australia's Joint Agency Coordination Centre said.
Chism pleaded not guilty in December to murder, aggravated rape and robbery charges stemming from the killing of the popular teacher.
Democratic candidates in critical races across the country are scrambling to distance themselves from both Obama and his policies, especially in the south where the president remains deeply unpopular.
Memorial Day was a response to the unprecedented carnage of the Civil War, in which some 620,000 soldiers on both sides died.
Grant presided over the first Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery -- which, until 1864, was Confederate Gen.
As the story concludes, John McClane â€” who has been shot, brutalized and cut by hundreds of pieces of glass â€” has proven his love for his wife by killing all the terrorists who threatened her.
Park Ji-sung and Darren Fletcher were also on target for the English Premier League champions as United secured a convincing 7-2 aggregate success.
The proposal now awaits the signature of Gov.
The gunman was killed and there were no ISAF casualties, the spokesman said.
Hostilities have increased since Gen.
The World Economic Forum's new Gender Gap Index gives India a dismal scorecard -- worse than in previous years.
Instead, health workers should switch to N95 respirators that form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth.
Speaking after his death in Los Angeles was announced, U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev.
At a reported $200,000 per episode, a primetime episode of "GH" is still a lot cheaper to make rather than an original for a scripted show (which can ring in at well over $1 million).
But lifestyle shows, unlike soaps, are more relevant and profitable.
The person who authorities say is responsible, 17-year-old T.J.
Female protesters marched in three Yemeni provinces on Sunday --Taiz, Shabwa and Sanaa.
Afghan Runoff Problems - Assess the problems that Afghanistan faces in assembling a runoff election.
H1N1 Response - Find out how public settings help germs spread from person to person.
College Costs - Examine the rising costs of college and how some students are paying tuition.
Helmand province, a Taliban stronghold that borders Pakistan, has been the scene of intense fighting this month since insurgents launched their so-called spring offensive.
Cisse wore Newcastle's jersey last season when it was sponsored by another finance company -- lender Virgin Money.
Twelve nations initially signed the Antarctic Treaty in 1959; 47 nations abide by it today.
This Friday marks the fourth anniversary of the night Brown punched Rihanna inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street, leaving her face bruised and bloody.
Iran is beefing up security to ensure "order and calm" during the two-week period celebrating Norooz, stationing 200,000 security personnel across the Islamic republic, according to Raja news, the official new site of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
In the past, she has said her sexual orientation was a private matter.
(CNN) -- American golfer and world number six, Jim Furyk, was kicked out of the first FedEx Cup play-off on Wednesday after missing his tee-off time by oversleeping.
The voices of CNN correspondents around the world will be prominent.
"I brought the stun gun 'cause I wasn't safe," the teen said.
(CNN) -- As many as 10,000 albinos are in hiding in east Africa over fears that they will be dismembered and their body parts sold to witchdoctors, the Red Cross said in a recent report.
Constant surveillance Comaneci was honored as a Hero of Socialist Labor on her return home, yet the regime -- terrified that Comaneci would defect after enjoying her taste of western celebrity -- kept its greatest star under constant surveillance.
Some Danes are bemused by the global reaction to the selfie -- as it hasn't hit their front pages yet -- perhaps reflecting a more laid-back approach in general, as was displayed by their PM in Johannesburg.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Dr.
Lynne last performed on August 27 at 54 Below in New York, said Todd Barkan, who produced the show and knew her for 40 years.
Some schools have places for less than 4 percent of applicants.
(CNN) -- A Chinese man was executed on Tuesday for keeping six women in a dungeon as sex slaves and killing two of them, state media reported.
The official Xinhua news agency said that Li Hao had been convicted of murder, rape, illegal detention, organized prostitution and making pornography for profit in 2012.
The 36-year old dug the dungeon in the basement of a residential compound he bought in 2009, Xinhua said.
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti, which borders Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia in the Horn of Africa.
Over the nonprofit's 20-year history, its three platforms have helped more than 75,000 families.
Haslem also was charged with speeding and illegal window tint.
E. coli O157:H7 is a potentially deadly bacterium that can cause dehydration, bloody diarrhea and abdominal cramps 2-8 days after exposure to the organism.
(Wired) -- On its tenth anniversary in 2008, Google promised $10 million to the best five ideas for using technology to improve the world, through Project 10x100 -- a neat play on words (10 to the 100th power expresses the number "googol," which is a one followed by one hundred zeroes).
On CBS, Kerry admitted that airstrikes alone will not solve the challenge of defeating ISIS, but he reiterated the administration's stance that there is no plan to put troops on the ground outside of local Iraqi forces and Syrian rebel groups.
In a statement published on the website of Basque newspaper Gara on Sunday, ETA -- which is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence in northern Spain and southwest France -- "calls on the Spanish government to agree to the the minimum democratic solutions toward a peace process."
S.E.
Believe it or not, your kids will thank you: Endorphins plus fresh air and a fun family experience equals a refreshing way to get in better shape -- and you don't need to chase over-caffeinated children all over a noisy pizza arcade to do it.
A coalition of rebels named Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize in March, the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence.
The story made national news for several nights and was the inspiration for the 2012 film "Big Miracle."
The 27-year-old's best performance in one of tennis' four marquee tournaments came in 2010 when he reached the quarterfinals of the U.S.
World No.
World No.
Patek Phillippe -- founded in 1839 by two Polish immigrants and bought by the Stern family in 1832 -- produces around 50,000 watches a year.
A Patek Philippe time piece commands a high price and usually increases in value with age, making the luxurious watches an alternative investment to other more volatile assets such as stocks or bonds.
For years, New York drivers have had three minutes to turn off idling engines, and in 2009 the city passed more stringent laws: Drivers now have one minute to turn off their engines if they're adjacent to a school.
The Islamic Jihad Union is a little-known Uzbek militant group that claimed responsibility for the plot days after the arrests.
The bodies were found January 12 in Rust's apartment in El Reno, about 30 miles west of Oklahoma City.
Startup Splash Networks wants to make selecting schools to send an application to easier.
On Tuesday, the company is launching a Facebook app called AdmissionSplash that shows prospective college students how likely it is that they will be admitted to each school on their lists.
The discovery was made in an Old Kingdom necropolis southwest of Cairo in Abusir, home to the pyramid of Pharaoh Neferefre, who ruled 4,500 years ago.
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its decades-long fight for Basque independence and is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union.
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its decades-long fight for Basque independence and is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union.
They face charges of public insult against the president of the UAE and other top officials, the groups said in a statement.
The building is expected to open in about a year and a half.
Even a decade or so ago, most phones had dull gray screens, clamshell designs or tiny keypads that made you hit a button over and over to text one letter of the alphabet.
41-year-old R.J.
(CNN) -- Michael Phelps claimed his third gold of the world swimming championships in Shanghai Saturday but then admitted he was short of peak fitness.
The notion that they are going to target the U.S. is way off the mark.
"Today, on that third anniversary, we've got to be thinking about the future," Mississippi Gov.
(CNN) -- Ramiro Valdes, 77, is one of only four remaining original rebels led by Fidel Castro in the 1950s in Cuba.
On Sunday, conservative Republican Sen.
Visitors will spend roughly $80 million in meals, transportation, shopping and lodging, according to the confederation.
The eight-week long push by Al-Shaabab and Hisb-ul-Islam militias has prompted what the agency calls "the biggest exodus from the troubled Somali capital since the Ethiopian intervention in 2007."
Many residents are fleeing their homes for the first time since the start of the Somali civil war in 1991," the agency said.
Federal law currently doesn't offer any standard for companies to notify customers following breaches, though some states have notification laws.
The DES-exposed women were also 82% more likely to develop breast cancer after age 40, and more than twice as likely to experience menopause before age 45.
Chan holds the Guinness World Record for "Most Stunts By A Living Actor."
Four of five Simpson's original co-defendants have struck deals with the prosecution to testify against Simpson.
Long Island, New York, had the highest average in the latest survey, at $3.85.
Be flexible, go with the flow and have no regrets about missing something; there's plenty to see and do.
Talks are expected to include negotiations on a natural gas deal worth $1 trillion that has been stalled by disagreements over price.
(CNN) -- Xavi Hernandez has signed an extended deal with Barcelona that will keep him at the Camp Nou for the rest of his career, the Spanish club have announced.
Part "The Rules" and part Malcolm Gladwellian sociopop, "Marry Him: The Case for Settling for Mr.
On July 4, the U.S.
Typhoon Vicente caused the city to raise its strongest typhoon warning for the first time in 13 years.
Special Note: "Gary + Tony Have a Baby" is a documentary that follows the journey of a gay couple as they attempt to become parents.
But while Hirscher was left to reflect on his victory, U.S.
World No.
World No.
The path of the total eclipse will stretch across the heart of Asia -- from India's Bay of Cambay, over the Himalayas and across China and the southern islands of Japan.
Meanwhile, Stoke City will play Manchester City in the FA Cup final after a convincing 5-0 win over fellow Premier League side Bolton Wanderers at London's Wembley Stadium on Sunday.
The FBI and the U.S.
The smattering of balls were found roughly 300 yards from the beach and 100 yards from the shore where it is thought locals and visitors have been using the loch to practice their driving skills for quite some time.
The Western Australian government killed its first shark over the weekend as part of a controversial culling program that has drawn an angry reaction from conservationists and activists.
Seven people have been killed in shark attacks in WA over the past three years, the government said.
The case is the first genocide trial in Finland's history.
Among veterans with similar degrees of calcium buildup, those who had PTSD were 48 percent more likely to die of any cause during the study and 41 percent more likely to die from heart disease compared to those without PTSD, according to the study, which was led by Naser Ahmadi, MD, a cardiologist at the Greater Los Angeles Veterans Administration Medical Center.
Sen.
(CNN) -- Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas has defended Fernando Torres after the striker missed an open goal during the club's 3-1 defeat to Manchester United on Sunday.
(Budget Travel) -- Smartphone air travel apps have been designed with all phases of your trip in mind.
In addition to storing and tracking your flights, FlightTrack Pro pulls vital info like gate changes and weather reports for 5,000 airports and 1,400 airlines.
Mack said that between 8 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. the fire department responded to 140 calls for wires down before the evening outbreak.
Scotland Yard also said the arrest is not in response to any immediate risk or threat.
"Inventing L.A.: The Chandlers and Their Times" premieres Monday on PBS.
The 75-year-old Mendocino Coast oceanfront Little River Inn speaks to romance seekers, families with pets and golfers wanting to step back into another time.
Pakistan's population has grown from around 33 million in 1947 to more than 180 million people in 2012, making it the sixth most populous country in the world.
Authorities on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border blame Sinaloa and other cartels for a surge in violence in the region.
The U.S.
Dr.
"The state government walled us in, so more houses wouldn't be built in the forest," de Moraes said.
"At the end of the day, if we get justice, do we really come out a winner?
Moscow (CNN) -- A cargo train derailed Tuesday and crashed into a passenger train near Moscow, killing several passengers and wounding dozens, officials said.
Closing arguments in the trial of Dr.
On Sunday, Sen.
Editor's note: Join Roland S.
Since August, 13,434 cases of the flu have been reported by the 253 schools contributing data to the American College Health Association.
(CNN) -- Arsenal came back from two goals down to claim a 4-2 victory over Bolton at the Emirates Stadium which saw them climb to the top of the English Premier League.
Elsewhere, Liverpool produced a defiant performance to help ease the pressure on Rafael Benitez with a 2-0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur at Anfield thanks to a brace from Dirk Kuyt.
Meanwhile Aston Villa beat Blackburn Rovers 6-4 in a thrilling English League Cup semifinal second leg tie to go through 7-4 on aggregate and secure a Wembley final against either Manchester United or Manchester City.
(CNN) -- Mourners gathered Saturday in a California church to remember slain Yale graduate student Annie Le, 24, whose body was found on the day she was to be married.
The technology has caught the eye of British engineering company Ricardo who are currently building an engine based on Dearman's design for use in agricultural vehicles and mining equipment.
The meeting comes amid the Obama administration's comprehensive review of U.S.
"Nobody in the world would even attempt this, but we did."
The current format, a two-column layout, includes posts on both sides, forcing users to look back and forth.
(CNN) -- Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim came out of hiding Monday, and says he has damaging evidence that proves senior members of the government faked evidence for sodomy charges against him.
Officials in the U.S.
A new study, published this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association, appears to confirm those doubts: The antibiotic amoxicillin was no better than placebo at improving the congestion, cough, runny nose, pain, and other symptoms that accompany sinus infections (also known as acute sinusitis), researchers found.
London (CNN) -- Britain's royal family are looking forward to a summer surprise: The Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William's baby is due in July, the couple has announced.
If not treated early, uveitis can damage vision and in some cases lead to blindness, according to the Arthritis Foundation.
"We want to apologize to the American public for recent decisions that cast doubt upon our commitment to our mission of saving women's lives," the Susan G.
Semenya won the women's 800-meters gold medal at the World Athletics Championships in Berlin last month.
Wingsuit flying is an extremely hazardous sport where participants glide through the air wearing a specially constructed suit with fabric under the arms and legs to slow the rate of descent.
Peru's Defense Ministry said that 1,500 government troops had encircled members of the Shining Path in southern Peru, the state-run news agency Andina reported.
Masked attackers had kidnapped dozens of workers in the town of Kepashiato early Monday morning, Andina reported earlier.
The St.
(CNN) -- When J.R.
Dr.
November is National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness Month and Family Caregiver Month.
About 60% of the nation's 5 million Alzheimer's patients will wander, according to Beth Kallmyer, senior director of constituent services at the Alzheimer's Association.
Wandering can happen at any time, but it's more likely in certain situations, such as when someone with dementia is in unfamiliar surroundings.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Russia's policies are putting it on a path to isolation and irrelevance, U.S.
He was awarded the Olympic Order in 2001 for his outstanding services to the Olympic Movement and has served as President of the World Federation of the Sporting Goods Industry, of which he is now Vice President.
(CNN) -- St.
(CNN) -- St.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Sound off: Your reactions to Sen.
Heather Davis weighed 250 pounds and wore a size 22 at her heaviest.
The province has seen longstanding tensions between its Uyghur Muslim population, a Turkic people, and the local Han population -- China's biggest ethnic group.
Former U.S.
(CNN) -- Authorities are asking for the public's help in finding an eighth suspect accused of being a member of a North Carolina group that allegedly plotted "violent jihad" overseas.
Colorado is one of 14 states where medical marijuana is legal by state law -- federal law still bans its use.
"Insanity.
Alaska is part of a relatively small minority of states that does not require school districts to teach a form of sex or health education, said Megan Comlossy, a policy expert at the National Conference of State Legislatures.
When Harry S.
The ministry said the test demonstrated that the Arrow Weapon System and the U.S.
Jindal singled out a $140 million appropriation for the U.S.
Napolitano is scheduled to meet with a number of senior U.S. and Afghan officials during her visit, part of a week-long trip that also includes stops in Qatar, Israel and Belgium.
Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat called the visit a deliberate provocation by hardliners opposed to a settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and criticized the police response to the protests.
(Entertainment Weekly) -- J.J.
Overall, the box office was up nearly 22 percent from the same frame a year ago (when the infamous Speed Racer hit a bump in the road).
U.S.
There is also no doubt Africa is on fire right now when it comes to being at the forefront of innovation in mobile (which is where the future of the web lies) with hubs in Kenya and Nigeria.
According to the head of GSMA, there are 695 million mobile subscriptions in Africa and it is predicted to hit 735 million by the end of 2012.
Gov.
On Tuesday, the Tampa lineup was updated to include New Jersey Gov.
This year that honor goes to Florida Sen.
(CNN) -- Javier Hernandez grabbed a dramatic late winner as Manchester United beat Newcastle 4-3 in a pulsating Boxing Day encounter at Old Trafford.
Pakistan Offensive - Follow a massive assault in Pakistan involving tens of thousands of troops.
Hurricane Rick - Keep an eye on a major hurricane swirling in the eastern Pacific Ocean.
World's Tallest Building - Marvel at the magnitude of what will be the tallest building in the world.
"Sons" actress Katey Sagal sings on four of the album's tracks, and Kills singer and "SoA" fan Alison Mosshart joins the Forest Rangers on a cover of Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World."
Kilburn, who was on AWOL status from the Army, has been charged with desertion, a release from the air base said.
Each stop reveals how his wife had sheltered him from bad news about his kids -- played by Drew Barrymore, Kate Beckinsale and Sam Rockwell -- and how they did not know how to communicate honestly with him.
If you have kids, the likelihood of being an Apple household grows -- 61% compared with 48% if you don't.
He faces a possible sentence of 117 years in prison, the Kings County District Attorney's office said.
(CNN) -- Italian giants Juventus have completed the signing of Brazil playmaker Diego from German Bundesliga club Werder Bremen in a $34 million deal.
Her passing elicited tributes from all around the world, like one from U.N.
CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN) -- The Rev.
Washington (CNN) -- Former President George W.
The visit was to have taken place amid ongoing warfare and tension along the Afghan-Pakistan border and was to have focused on the nations cooperating in the fight against terror.
Meloni's role on Alan Ball's drama marks a homecoming, of sorts: The actor previously played Chris Keller on the pay cabler's gritty drama "Oz" from 1998 to 2003.
Chicken prices went up three fold; bread went up five-fold as the cost of imports soared with a weakened currency due to the sanctions.
Unfortunately, so far the U.S. response also fits a pattern of rhetorical condemnation but little in the way of creative or effective engagement.
(CNN)Hope Solo, the soccer star who makes headlines whether she's winning Olympic gold or having domestic violence accusations dropped against her, did it again Wednesday when she was suspended from the U.S.
A new report says Facebook has acquired 750 patents from computer-systems giant IBM.
Many tech companies are now using patents strategically to both generate revenue and discourage competition.
A state on Brazil's coast, Bahia is the center of the country's Afro-Brazilian culture, and the heartbeat of that is the drum.
Drums are also at the heart of the Afro-Brazilian religious tradition of Candomblé, which blends African beliefs with Catholic influences and has its origins in Salvador, where the first Candomblé terreiro (house of worship) was founded.
In short: A ton of people have started calling themselves "visionaries" on their websites, LinkedIn profiles, Twitter profiles, etc. -- and it's more than a little annoying.
Nix the slovenly shorthand and do the whole "show, don't tell" thing they teach you about in high school creative writing classes: Craft a homepage that shows your personality and demonstrates your skills (services like About.Me and Flavors.me make that idiot-proof), for example.
Ivan Cameron, six, passed away early Wednesday, the UK's Press Association reported a Conservative Party spokesman as saying.
Cameroon coach Paul Le Guen has given Rigobert Song the chance to appear at his fourth World Cup after naming the 33-year-old defender in his 30-man squad.
Jeni's Influenza Rx Sorbet weathered the H1N1 ("swine flu") scare, and with this year's flu at epidemic levels, is now flying off shelves at $12 a pint in Jeni's 10 Ohio stores, forcing her team to extend production hours to meet the growing number of online orders.
The government is investing heavily in onshore and offshore wind farms and solar technology in an effort to reduce 40% of greenhouse gas emissions by 2020.
Politicians in Europe's largest economy want renewable power to contribute 35% of the country's electricity consumption by 2020 and 80% by 2050 as part of its clean energy drive.
Rep.
About 400,000 commuters use BART every day in the San Francisco Bay area, BART spokesman Rick Rice said.
Coburn is one of six senators taking part in bipartisan talks on a deficit reduction blueprint.
Job and training guarantee schemes were also agreed by member states as well as a plan to roll out 6 billion euros ($7.8 billion) to the hardest hit countries like Greece and Spain where more than half of the young workforce is standing idle.
EU Employment Commissioner Lazlo Andor says 'there is no silver bullet' for the region's jobless problem.
Russians are the most likely to turn to cigarettes to lose weight (23 percent of men and 18 percent of women), while Mexicans are most likely to choose a healthier diet or physical exercise.
No one, including kids, should travel without a lightweight, rolling duffel.
Separate from unaccompanied children being sent to the state, family groups were also being sent by the federal government to Arizona, a process that has outraged Arizona lawmakers, including Gov.
One World Trade Center is expected to be completed next year or in early 2014.
Sen.
Stewart, who opted out of three races after his car hit Kevin Ward Jr. during a dirt track race on August 9, spoke briefly to reporters Friday about his decision to race in Sunday's Oral-B USA 500 at the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
The World Bank's estimate of China's economic growth is about 7.5 percent.
Brown will be eulogized at the Friendly Temple Missionary Baptist Church in St.
The Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded 91 times since 1901.
(CNN) -- The winner of the Nobel Peace Prize will be announced Friday morning in Oslo, Norway.
The ship weighs in at more than 114,000 gross tonnage and measures 951 feet in length.
About 4,200 people were on board the ship when it ran aground.
Washington (CNN) -- Disturbed by the news that Moammar Gadhafi's wife and three children, along with some grandchildren, were able to flee over the Libyan border to Algeria in spite of a U.N.
(CNN) -- A wanted Florida man shot and killed two St.
Liu has been one of China's most prominent dissidents since the 1989 Tiananmen Square protest -- which came, coincidentally, only months before Czechoslovakia's Velvet Revolution toppled Communism there and ushered Havel into the presidency.
Liu was sentenced last month to 11 years in prison for his role in a separate subversion case, his lawyer said December 25.
Brown is on probation in California for a felony domestic violence conviction involving Rihanna.
After pleading guilty to a judge Tuesday on a felony tax evasion charge, New York Rep.
Only 12% of respondents said they had a positive view of the United States and 8% said they were confident that U.S.
You've heard many different places mentioned this week on CNN Student News.
Show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue.
Hezbollah is the largest Shiite Muslim political movement in Lebanon and maintains an armed force that fought a month-long war with Israel in 2006.
The U.N.
The federal wilderness designation provides the highest level of government protection from logging and other forms of commercial use and development.
Critics say NASA should skip the moon and set its sights directly on Mars.
Cpl.
"These sanctions will bite, and bite hard," U.S.
Over the past three years a drought has affected large swaths of the country, and conflicts over water usage may become commonplace in the future, climatologists say.
The speech is also considered a way for Kim Jong Un to try to win over a new generation as he continues to shore up support for his hereditary succession.
About 100 investigators from North and South Carolina were working the case, Blanton said.
Miss Dominican Republic, Ada Aimee De La Cruz, was named first runner-up and would assume Fernandez's duties if she couldn't complete her term.
The first-person shooter (Sony, Guerrilla Games) picks up where "Killzone 2" left off, with the opposition leader dead and a city in ruins after a nuclear bomb goes off.
But this year, Microsoft has teamed up with Nokia, the biggest cell phone maker in the world, to push a new line of Windows Phones.
The new "50 Shades of Grey" trailer premiered Thursday night during an episode of ABC's hit show "Scandal," and wow.
In a posting on the Israel Defense Forces website, the chief of the general staff said Israel has "a natural right to inspect and to prevent the flow of weapons into the Gaza Strip."
The European giant unveiled its Concept Cabin Tuesday in Paris, ahead of next week's "Le Bourget" Paris Air Show.
Airbus says the Concept Cabin is "inspired by nature" and will be 100% recyclable with "self-cleaning materials made from sustainable plant fibres which reduce waste and maintenance and will harvest passenger body heat to power cabin features."
He was believed to be in imminent danger of injury or death, which is why Gen.
It's already been used in games the past several years by Major League Soccer.
The Taliban had vowed to disrupt the voting and the risk factor in some areas may have been too high for some Afghans to venture out to vote.
Since 2006, 119 monks have self-immolated in protest against Chinese policies they say violate their basic rights, according to Human Rights Watch.
Caesar, born Isaac Sidney Caesar in 1922, was part of a pioneering group of personalities who helped establish television in its early days.
A judge ordered Zakieya L.
The board's aim is to shift U.S. foreign policy away from responding to atrocities to preventing them; to oversee the development of prevention and response policy, and to deal with urgent situations as they arise.
Messi is favorite to land the gong after recently winning the Ballon d'Or award for the European Player of the Year.
Two students have been identified as being involved in the postings from February and will be subject to college disciplinary procedures, Oberlin police said.
Police arrested seven men Monday on charges of sexual harassment after two women filed police reports and identified their attackers, an Interior Ministry spokesman said.
His mother left an estate worth £21 million ($35 million), but more than £8 million ($13.31 million) was paid in inheritance tax, leaving around £13 million ($21.6 million) to be shared between Harry and his brother William, who is second in line to the throne, the British Press Association reported.
U.S. and South Korean officials have long said the North is actually preparing to test-fire a long-range missile under the guise of a satellite launch.
• The most states ever won by a presidential candidate is 49.
The U.S. already has a single-payer health care system.
White House spokesman Tony Fratto told CNN on Sunday that Paulson has briefed U.S.
(CNN) -- At least 15 people have been killed in an explosion in a village in southern China's Guizhou province as they gathered to gamble, China's state-run Xinhua news agency reported, citing local officials and police.
The U.S.
The picture fell by a whopping 38 percent from Friday ($15.1 million) to Saturday ($9.4 million) — never a sign of box office longevity.
A dedicated Hangouts page has also been added to the site, so people can have quick access to public and On Air video chat hangouts.
The violence spread to the Rift Valley town of Naivasha on Sunday, where the Red Cross said there were reports of people being burned alive in their homes.
The 8-foot cannon is one of 25 found since the vessel's discovery in 1997, a treasure trove of 280,000 artifacts pulled to surface over 14 years.
Giffords, a Democrat, will submit a letter of resignation during the week to House Speaker John Boehner and Arizona Gov.
Only recently have authorities in Myanmar admitted to an HIV/AIDS problem in the country.
Multiple people recorded what happened on their cell phones and provided video to authorities for their investigation.
Cahall said that he was inspired to come out by openly gay professional athletes Jason Collins and Michael Sam.
(CNN) -- A 10-year-old Ohio boy was taken into custody after police suspected that he shot and killed his mother with .22-caliber rifle, police said.
The body of Deborah L.
(CNN) -- China is rallying around fallen hurdler Liu Xiang Wednesday after he failed to make it past the first-round heat for a second consecutive Olympics.
The movie itself grossed $155 million in its first weekend.
A recent study by the conservative American Enterprise Institute and the bipartisan Partnership for a New American Economy found that, from 2000 to 2007, each foreign-born worker with an advanced degree from a U.S.
ABC's telecast delivered 13.2 million viewers, up 6 percent from the 2011 telecast on Fox.
At least 67 people were injured, said Joe Bruno, New York's commissioner of emergency management, and 11 remained in critical condition Sunday evening, Gov.
The operating transportation company is working closely with U.S. officials as they investigate the situation, said Darrell Wilson, a spokesman for CMA-CGM, a French-based firm considered the world's third largest container shipping company.
Joe Biden won, but also says Republican Gov.
If the power goes out, you can't use a cordless phone to make or receive calls unless it has a battery backup.
Abu Risha is the nephew of Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha, head of the Anbar Awakening Council -- a group composed primarily of Sunni Arab fighters who turned on al Qaeda in Iraq in late 2006 and joined forces with the U.S.-led coalition.
A contingent of African heads of state and foreign envoys attended the ceremony at the main square in the capital of Addis Ababa.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- A Pakistani man using "colonel" as a title is one of about three dozen people wanted over November's terrorist attacks in Mumbai, but his connections with the Pakistani army have not been established, Indian prosecutors say.
Authorities say Mohammed Ajmal Kasab, the only surviving suspect accused of taking part in the Mumbai siege, faces a multitude of charges, including murder and attempted murder.
In a brief statement, the Japanese Foreign Ministry confirmed Shinichi Nishimiya, 60, died on Sunday after spending the weekend in hospital because of his "health condition."
Pvt.
The Army also sought Bush's authorization to execute another condemned soldier, Pvt.
Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated.
Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion after the CIA's use of a fake vaccination program in 2011 to collect DNA samples from residents of Osama bin Laden's compound to verify the al Qaeda leader's presence there.
On Sunday, 6,500 people massed in downtown Hong Kong to protest what they see as alarming levels of media censorship in the former British colony as it grows closer to Mainland China.
The Picasso was not stolen but was purchased with money that Amati and her husband allegedly obtained through criminal activity, said a U.S. law enforcement official.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Lt.
Three days after he was killed, CNN found a journal belonging to late U.S.
A total of 43 items were taken, with a value of about £40 million, or about $65 million, Scotland Yard said.
Texas is getting four new congressional seats -- more than any other state -- after the latest census showed its population grew by 4 million people.
The pipeline is intended to carry between 500,000 and 700,000 barrels of crude oil a day from Canada's oil sands to the U.S.
The pipeline is intended to carry between 500,000 and 700,000 barrels of crude oil a day from Canada's oil sands to the U.S.
Under the compromise, current House majority leader Maryland Rep.
Children as young as 4 months old were being treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries and other "wounds of war," spokesman James Elder told CNN.
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians and urged the Tamil Tigers to promise the same.
More than 10,000 people have arrived on Italian shores from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian coast guard.
He acted in several movies, including "Daylight" and "Rocky V" with his father.
Aniston chopped her long layers into a one-length bob while promoting her film "Just Go With It" in February.
The Vatican says Pius XII worked behind the scenes to save Jews from the Holocaust, but it has refused to open archives from his tenure to show proof.
In September, Forbes magazine ranked Picower No.
(CNN) -- Mercedes-Benz will head up their own Formula One team next season after the German car manufacturer confirmed they have taken a 75.1 percent share in Brawn GP -- with Ross Brawn remaining as team principal.
They are accused of causing a severe head injury to a 23-year-old restaurant employee by stringing a rope between poles across a road.
Haiti has been mired in extreme poverty and instability for years.
The 2012 Grenada Sailing Festival begins on Friday with races around the southern and eastern coasts, in waters the organizers say are some of the most challenging in the Caribbean.
The crystal blue sea is a haven for sailors, swimmers and scuba divers, keen to race, relax and explore in the island that is known for being a yachting destination.
In 2007 the U.S. military launched a series of airstrikes that drove out al Qaeda.
(CNN) -- Former South Carolina Gov.
The overwhelming majority of drone strikes have targeted areas in North and South Waziristan.
The United States does not comment on suspected drone strikes.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- U.N.
American Airlines is waiving rebooking charges for holiday travelers using 18 airports in the Northeast.
A report by the Government Accountability Office, the investigative arm of Congress, estimates that NASA may need an additional $400 million to meet the December 2017 deadline for launch.
The first black African to break onto the international stage at the beginning of the 1960s, Kip Keino won two Olympic golds and was a formidable force in the sport for 12 years.
He had run six races in just eight days despite a gallbladder infection.
Unlike her aforementioned reality show judge counterparts, Spears joins the Fox singing competition still riding the success of her seventh studio album, and her worldwide "Femme Fatale Tour."
But the pop princess hasn't exactly been accessible to her fans since she was placed in a conservatorship in 2008.
Despite the admirable peace and stability of the past 20 years, storm clouds are looming for the nation today led by President Jacob Zuma, Mandela's third successor.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of A.S.
Sen.
A sixth train broke down Saturday after Eurostar tried to run four trains from London to the Continental mainland in order to prepare for the resumption of normal service.
In July, Islamists forced a man and a woman into two holes and stoned them to death for committing adultery as terrified residents quietly watched in remote Aguelhok town.
(CNN) -- The last time Earl Woods Jr. saw his half brother Tiger was four years ago, when the family buried their father.
Here are five games worth checking out when they hit mobile devices later this year:
The United States is now using drones and manned surveillance aircraft over Nigeria in the search for the hundreds of schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram.
Emily Browning -- the doll-like child actress from "Lemony Snicket" who graduated to the status of action-babe in "Sucker Punch" earlier this year -- plays Lucy, a college student who takes on a series of menial jobs over the course of the film, including waitress, lab rat, secretary and sex toy.
It's a strong indication that whatever else, Lucy has the willpower to dissociate mind from body -- to mentally switch off.
Most trade between Cuba and the U.S. is outlawed by the latter's 52-year trade embargo on the island.
The delegation met owners of small businesses in Cuba and toured a state auto repair shop that has been turned into a private cooperative.
The iPad is still the first, and best-selling, product of its kind.
Apple now has 300 retail stores worldwide selling iPads directly to customers.
"An intern is basically someone who is hiding in plain sight.
The jury is expected to reconvene Wednesday at 10 a.m.
The strikes appeared to be coordinated because they all took place within an hour, an Interior Ministry official said.
Earlier, the United Nations, citing media reports, said at least 58 people died Monday when security forces opened fire to disperse a demonstration at a stadium in the capital, Conakry.
"There is no such thing as a no-risk strategy," said Rep.
Children as young as 3 or 4 can show signs of OCD, said Jeff Szymanski, executive director of the International OCD Foundation.
Without adequate shelter, food and medical care, many people are now heavily relying on aid agencies to provide basic amenities.
Some 14,000 people may have received the injections, the CDC said Thursday, an increase from its previous estimate of 13,000.
About 1.1 million people in the U.S. are living with HIV, with roughly 50,000 people contracting it each year.
(EW.com) -- Matthew McConaughey plays a slick Los Angeles criminal defense attorney in the movie adaptation of Michael Connelly's legal thriller "The Lincoln Lawyer".
Pakistani military officials at the briefing contended that NATO forces knew they were firing at Pakistani troops throughout the attack and even apologized as they kept firing, evidence they say supports their assertions the attack was deliberate.
"I want you to take note of the fact that when you proposed gun legislation, I didn't accuse you of using the (Newtown, Connecticut,) killings as an excuse," said Sen.
Alabama GOP Sen.
Chuck Grassley gets angry during remarks by Democratic Sen.
The IRS also asked to see private pages that were "accessible only to your members."
The Indiana TEA Party is another conservative group that says it received scrutiny similar to that given to other tea party organizations.
Do you own a wrap dress?
Amir also claimed he was influenced by rightist Israeli politicians Ariel Sharon, Rafael Eitan, and Rehavam Ze'evi -- "all those who understand the military; who said that the agreement (the Oslo Accords) would bring catastrophe.
Twenty five artists from 20 countries took part in the production, which was inspired by UN Women's own projects worldwide.
Guerlain -- who is no longer connected with the company that bears his name -- uttered a racial slur twice during an October 2010 interview on France 2 about his career and the making of the Samsara perfume.
Wallace was a senior advisor to John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign and communications director for President George W.
But in the U.S.
When she grows up, she said, she hopes to do "anything to do with art."
(CNN) -- As one of the most anticipated games of 2011, "Marvel vs.
The Obama administration is thinking about sending additional military advisers to Iraq as it ramps up efforts to consider how to get thousands of Yazidi Iraqis off Sinjar Mountain and how to boost the capabilities of Kurdish Peshmerga fighters in northern Iraq, a U.S. official said Tuesday.
After the attack, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said it would be "best" for the country's troops to leave Afghanistan as soon as possible.
Washington (CNN) -- Rose Mary Sabo Brown spent just 30 days with her new husband, Army Spec.
(CNN) -- U.S.
Relations between the Christian minority and Muslim majority within Egypt have been tense since that New Year's Day bombing.
It was the second attempt by the measure's supporters to pass the bill in the Senate -- it originally failed to gain approval because of a filibuster by Democratic Sen.
Republican Gov.
Critics of the measure say it would shut down most abortion clinics in Texas -- denying access to many in rural communities -- and force women to seek dangerous back-alley abortions.
Washington (CNN) -- Friday's government report showing a rise in unemployment shines a light on a new hurdle facing young people in need of work: The military isn't the reliable source of employment that it used to be.
The eight men charged have been moved to a different base in southern Afghanistan and remain under restriction.
The 30-year-old woman, surnamed Huang, allegedly colluded with an obstetrician, Yang, in Xinxiang county, Henan province, to sell the baby boy, according to details published in the Procuratorial Daily, a legal publication.
The case came to light in August after the boy's grandmother alerted police.
DORCHESTER, Massachusetts (CNN) -- A bell tolled atop Boston's Faneuil Hall on Thursday as the body of Sen.
The U.N.
The post of the president is largely ceremonial.
"No positive spin is possible.
Wade," Gov.
India regards the communist rebels as its gravest internal security threat.
Haslam's Democratic counterpart will be elected next month at the Democratic Governors Association annual meeting in Los Angeles.
The Pontiff lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines and called for violence everywhere to end.
Foremost, he asked that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need.
As of Sunday, there have been 488 dolphin strandings from New York to North Carolina, more than 300 dolphins above the annual average.
Sheikh Ahmed bin Zayed Al Nahyan had been missing since his glider plane crashed into a lake in the north African country on Friday.
Maj.
"These men were abused and put under some of the most horrific conditions," the general told a private gathering of Berga survivors.
Up to 10% of the world's population will have at least one seizure, the World Health Organization says, and having one seizure does not signal epilepsy.
Seizures occur when the electrical system of the brain malfunctions.
(CNN) -- World number one Rafael Nadal has been drawn to play Novak Djokovic, Tomas Berdych and Andy Roddick in the group stage of the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
Dr.
"Kind of weird, the phone call I received," Dr.
Csatary was accused of sending more than 15,000 Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp in the spring of 1944.
(CNN)She's said it once, and she'll say it four times: Sen.
Essentially, what he's done here is put a piece of paper that he controls to a vote that he controls so that he can try and maintain control," U.S.
(CNN) -- American and US Airways recently announced their $11 billion merger.
One influential member of New York's congressional delegation missing from the briefing was Sen.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- New York Gov.
"It took you 10 years to realize you were part of history," said Lenny Eisenberg, who made the journey to Bethel to see Jimi Hendrix perform.
Prosecutors will seek a special sentence of life in prison, Satterberg said.
The White House and the Justice Department made clear Friday what had been expected all along: Attorney General Eric Holder will not face criminal prosecution under the contempt of Congress citation passed by the U.S.
Ahrar al Sham is a Sunni Muslim group that is not on the U.S.
From the region's largest airport, the largest airline and the largest trade port, in the past two decades, Dubai has created a name for itself in finance, tourism and logistics.
(CNN) -- Environmentalists are encouraged by President Barack Obama's focus this week on renewable energy and stricter emissions standards, although some economists are skeptical he can pull the country out of the recession while cleaning up the planet.
A fight has broken out between two of the most prominent members of the Republican Party: Texas Sen.
Cleveland Browns wide receiver Donte Stallworth on Tuesday pleaded guilty to DUI manslaughter.
Republican Sen.
Do you know a hero?
The card game has raised more than $4 million since its January 20 launch -- far exceeding the initial $10,000 goal.
The superlative stats are well known: China has the world's largest online population with over 591 million Internet users.
De Blasio was ceremoniously sworn in shortly after midnight on New Year's Day outside his Brooklyn home, with his family next to him -- as they were during much of his campaign.
(CNN) -- Texas Gov.
"It's a really small, important physical representation of a horrific thing that happened in many places," she told CNN.
On Thursday, the U.S.
(Rolling Stone) -- Michael Jackson's blockbuster album "Bad" will be reissued in a deluxe edition on September 18 to mark the record's 25th anniversary.
The set, titled "Bad 25," will features three CDs, a DVD and two booklets.
Israel says administrative detention is a valuable pre-emptive tool in its ongoing war on terrorism and often evidence cannot be made public.
Thursday was the ninth day of the ninth month of the 99th year since the founding of Taiwan.
March, who plays ADA Alexandra Cabot on the long-running NBC crime drama, has landed the part of Natalie in CBS' "Baby Big Shot."
March's character is "Spence-educated Manhattan royalty," a high-ranking law firm associate who aspires to run the firm someday.
A recent survey revealed that 86 percent of Americans have been the victims of rude behavior.
A U.S.
A U.S.
The House recently approved the budget designed by Rep.
"Push and Shove" leans toward synthpop-flavored ballads with grown-up themes: relationship struggles, the rewards of long-term romance.
The band sounds more at home on the title track, a ska/dub fusion where Stefani rhymes "La-la-la-la vida loca/We speeding it up like soca."
But officials acknowledged the budget is only a starting point in negotiations with Republican lawmakers who are already criticizing much of what the White House is proposing.
Blair Scott sent a text to his daughter Rose, a junior at Buckhorn High School in northeast Huntsville.
But for Jordan Matson, a former U.S. solider, the battlefield feels most like home.
U.S. law enforcement officials say it's illegal for an American to join a Syrian militia, just as it is for an American to join ISIS.
He will serve the last two months of his 23-month sentence in home confinement in Virginia, his publicist Judy Smith said.
Vick, 28, pleaded guilty in August 2007 to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia.
Rear Adm.
Possible Republican 2016 presidential candidate Sen.
Chaos has rocked Mali since a military ruler overthrew the democratically elected president in March, shaking one of West Africa's most stable democracies.
Lucy Grace Hojnacki was born just after 9:30 p.m.
Army Gen.
One French citizen, one Belgian and three Malians were killed in the attack in the capital of Bamako, said Gabriel Toure, director of a local hospital.
TV Everywhere represents an alternative -- and possible threat -- to the popular Hulu model.
Eleven European countries, including France, Germany, Italy and Spain are signed up to a Financial Transaction Tax which could raise up to 30 billion pounds annually and be implemented as early as next year.
The Sri Lankan military said Sunday that it had captured the last rebel stronghold and killed five rebel leaders after three days of gunbattles.
Space X is paying for all the development costs leading up to and including the first test launch.
The report in the medical journal BMJ is the second in a series sharply critical of Dr.
The Home Office named only 16 of those on the list; it said it was not in the public interest to disclose the names of the other six.
(CNN) -- Army Maj.
She is also being charged with four counts of attempted murder of her ex-husband and her three surviving children, ages 3, 5 and 8.
(CNN) -- Kim Clijsters beat the returning Justine Henin in a special exhibition match in their native Belgium Thursday.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Heather A.
"My dad taught us that family comes first.
Many major medical centers have also come around to the importance of an integrative approach to healing by adding complementary specialists and services to their offerings.
"The Tonight Show" just hit a seven-week high in total viewers with 3.52 million (his best since the week of January 28-February 1) and a four-week high in the 18-49 demo with 982,000 viewers (his best since February 18-22), according to Nielsen ratings.
As it now stands, Leno has outranked "The Late Show with David Letterman" among 18-49 viewers for the last 18 weeks in a row while topping "Jimmy Kimmel Live" for nine of their 11 head-to-head weeks.
The ratings bump for the week of March 18-22 came as Leno began taking nightly jabs at his employers — like referring to them as snakes — as news hit that a succession plan was in the works to replace him with Jimmy Fallon.
Donetsk is west of the area where Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed Thursday, with the loss of 298 lives.
She's front-loaded "Unbroken" with leave-no-synth-effect-behind R&B (''You're My Only Shorty,'' featuring Iyaz), shy love-in-this-club tracks (''Who's That Boy''), and Timbaland bangers (''All Night Long,'' with Missy Elliott).
Vick, 28, pleaded guilty in August 2007 to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia.
The United States considers Iran a state sponsor of terrorism and has accused the country of meddling in Iraq and in Afghanistan where U.S. troops are battling Taliban and al Qaeda remnants more than six years after the September 11, 2001, attacks.
U.S.
The search for the missing Boeing 777 has gone on for eight weeks now.
In 2013, more than 750,000 people participated in a running competition or marathon, up 50 percent on 2012, according to the China Track and Field Association
According to the chief minister of Pakistan's North West Frontier Province, some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fighting between the military and Taliban militants along its border with Afghanistan.
Parker played the baroness who wanted to send the von Trapp children to a boarding school in the 1965 classic "The Sound of Music."
"No demonstration at all in the streets," he told ABC News and the BBC in a joint interview carried out at a restaurant in Tripoli, excerpts of which were posted on the BBC's website.
(CNN) -- Veteran American Paul Goydos has become just the fourth player in PGA Tour history to break the 60-shot barrier after carding a remarkable 12-under-par 59 in the opening round of the John Deere Classic on Thursday.
(CNN) -- Two-time champion Venus Williams is out of the U.S.
They'd heard and had a splay of white envelopes on President Franklin D.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
(CNN) -- The president of Toyota said he takes full responsibility for safety issues in the company's cars and vowed to regain the trust of customers in his first interview after appearing on Capitol Hill on Wednesday.
Lee was found guilty of leading a secret group of 130 members with alleged links to North Korea.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Botanists believe they have discovered one of the world's largest carnivorous plants in Southeast Asia.
The Philippine National Police (PNP) has been placed on nationwide full alert since last week, with all leaves canceled, and all 130,000 officers required to report for duty.
(CNN) -- President Obama has written yet another letter to Iran's Supreme Leader and, by all accounts, his missives remain unrequited.
Stanford is the tycoon who bankrolled the Twenty20 Super Series cricket competition in the West Indies last year.
Without the leap seconds adjustment, the precise time measured by atomic clocks and time according to the Earth's rotation will start to deviate.
Bryant used an expletive and an anti-gay slur directed at a referee after receiving a technical foul in a game against the San Antonio Spurs.
The Security Cabinet voted 11-2 in favor of the measure which calls for a 10-month freeze on new building permits and the construction of new residential buildings in the West Bank.
The Israeli government is under tremendous pressure -- particularly from its ally, the United States -- to halt settlement construction in the Palestinian territory of the West Bank.
Continued construction has been a key stumbling block in restarting Israeli-Palestinian peace talks.
It has wings devoted to religious, military, political and security activities.
Since his teens, Clark has been the young titan of Texas blues, coming out of Austin in the early 2000s with a smoothly long-suffering voice and one hell of a mean guitar tone, playing solos that claw and scream their stories with ornery splendor.
Washington (CNN) -- Lawyers for State Sen.
CHICAGO, Illinois (Reuters) -- Grammy Award-winning R&B singer R.
In an interview that aired Wednesday on Pakistan's Geo TV, Adm.
Do you know a hero?
The goal of the project is to create healing spaces by and for survivors, said Rebecca Nagle, co-founder of Force.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- NASA's launch of the Mars Science Laboratory -- hampered by technical difficulties and cost overruns -- has been delayed until the fall of 2011, NASA officials said at a news conference Thursday in Washington.
The Mars Science Lab is a large, nuclear-powered rover designed to traverse long distances with a suite of onboard scientific instruments aboard.
The miniseries' two-hour cable network premiere was seen by 13.1 million viewers and scored a 3.3 rating among adults 18-49.
If you include the show's repeat, the viewership rises to 14.8 million for the night.
Rogers weighed in at exactly 143 pounds every day for the last 30 years of his life.
Prosecutors portrayed Balfour as a jealous man who murdered the three in a rage at the thought that his wife had a boyfriend.
For the past two years, Connecticut Sen.
The public debt of the world's largest economy currently stands at $11.3 trillion, according to the U.S.
The move comes one day after the U.N.
It sets the stage for the Palestinian Authority to possibly pursue war crime complaints against Israel.
Prince Michael Jackson has a driver's license, a girlfriend and ambition to start a career in the entertainment industry.
Coming from the northwestern city of Funabashi, known for its delicious pears, Funassyi's origins lie in his YouTube channel created two years ago.
Memorial Day was a response to the unprecedented carnage of the Civil War, in which some 620,000 soldiers on both sides died.
Grant presided over the first Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery -- which, until 1864, was Confederate Gen.
EW has exclusively learned that Fran Drescher's show "Happily Divorced" has just booked two TV greats -- Rosie O'Donnell and Dan Akyroyd -- to appear on separate episodes slated for the end of May.
O'Donnell will play Katie O'Grady, an old high school friend of Fran (Drescher) and Judi (Tichina Arnold) who arrives to help Fran learn a lesson about her relationship with her overbearing mother Dori (Rita Moreno).
Meanwhile, Akyroyd plays a potential love interest -- described as "charming and successful" -- that Fran's ex Peter (John Michael Higgins) sets up for her.
Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia and are currently holding 11, according to information from Spanish Defense Minister Carme Chacon.
Robert Downey Jr. would welcome the opportunity.
"To the people of this great city, I want to offer a public apology," said the embattled mayor at a news conference.
(CNN) -- Brazil coach Dunga has been sacked after their shock World Cup quarterfinal exit to the Netherlands.
PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania (CNN) -- Sen.
He has pleaded not guilty to charges including five counts of crimes against humanity and five counts of war crimes.
Prosecutors allege he armed rebels and fueled a bloody civil war that led to widespread murder, rape and mutilation in Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone.
But Mellencamp has never sounded looser or easier on a record.
"Shining a laser into the cockpit of an aircraft is not a joke," FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt said in a statement.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks near the Safi Landmark Hotel in the Shahr-E-Naw neighborhood of Kabul.
(CNN) -- A gunman intended to assassinate a U.S. representative when he opened fire outside a Tucson, Arizona, supermarket Saturday, killing six and wounding 12 including the congresswoman, the local sheriff said hours after the shooting.
BENTON HARBOR, Michigan (CNN) -- Former President George W.
There is no guarantee that funneling sophisticated U.S.
Boko Haram has attacked various targets in the nation since 2009, murdering and kidnapping Westerners, and bombing schools and churches.
He was killed this month along with his father, who was the group's spiritual mentor, the military said.
And regardless of whether or not the Galaxy Tab is a hit or a dud -- Samsung claims its return rate is actually 2% -- a slew of better Android devices are about to invade the market -- not to mention offerings from other players including RIM and Palm.
Fast forward to today and Android smartphones are outselling iPhones, thanks to the multitude of manufacturers now offering devices at a variety of price points -- all the way down to free.
It's marketed as the most game-changing feature of the iPhone 4S (which runs iOS 5), and Apple has remained mum on whether Siri will ever be ported to other devices — this to the pique of independent developers who've hacked the feature to run on everything from the iPod touch to thermostats.
All told, Siri voice analysis would be far more challenging on a Mac computer, particularly when other voices or noises are in the room.
Since 1972, ElSohly says, the average THC content of marijuana has soared from less than 1% to 3 to 4% in the 1990s, to nearly 13% today.
Another six men died and 10 others were injured when a roadside bomb hit a minibus carrying young laborers and construction workers in al-Annaz area in eastern Falluja, health and police officials said.
Abraham Lincoln is invoked by politicians of both parties, observes historian Ronald C.
Children are at particular risk because of their size, immature judgment and lack of experience with traffic rules.
He had had surgery in 2010 and claimed he was having adverse symptoms because of it, Rulla said.
Dr.
Spanish police say Ilincic is a suspected member of the Pink Panthers gang.
The U.S.
The Chicago Architecture Foundation conducts more than 70 different kinds of tours and expects to lead more than 200,000 people through various corners of the city this year.
Some of America's most influential architects worked in the Windy City.
Mandelson: "Thankfully, it wasn't paint and I've come through it intact."
The immediate impact of the ruling is that it will allow states to resume executions, which had been on hold since September while the high court considered this appeal.
"Strategically and politically for the region, this is a big deal, and it's absolutely the right first step," the retired U.S.
The monument is closed indefinitely to the public while engineers assess the damage caused by the quake.
"I was scared for my life," Andrew Young testified in U.S.
Lots of people were shocked when Rowling killed off Cedric Diggory in "Goblet of Fire," but Diggory was a minor character who, in hindsight, was always kind of a handsome readymade corpse -- think of how much freakier the latter Potters would have felt without good ol' Ron around to relieve the tension.
Sanford's book, "Staying True," will now hit bookstores on February 5 instead of the original April release date, the book's publisher, Ballantine Books, announced Tuesday.
In December, Jenny Sanford released a statement,saying she was filing for divorce "after many unsuccessful efforts at reconciliation."
At least 35 banks from around the world have branches there, according to the Central Bank of Cyprus.
Britain does not deny its colonial forces tortured detainees but had argued that a fair trial is impossible because the events occurred decades ago.
Member nations that recognize the court's jurisdiction voted for her unanimously during a December meeting at the United Nations.
(CNN) -- Gov.
"What a hero.
Dr.
Ronaldo also collected the European Player of the Year accolade and was voted number one by FIFPro, the worldwide players' union.
Washington (CNN) -- Rep.
The attack set off a chain of events that eventually embroiled all of the world's major powers in the war.
Alzheimer's affects 5.2 million Americans and millions more who are caregivers devoting their lives to helping affected loved ones.
Symptoms include memory loss, difficulty in performing everyday tasks and not recognizing close family members.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
Ford helped modernize the modeling, leading to the evolution of supermodels in the fashion industry.
Humans began domesticating cattle, Bos taurus, about 8,500 years ago.
In Thursday's other tie, Spanish Primera Liga strugglers Almeria claimed a 1-0 victory at home to Deportivo La Coruna.
Raptiva's product labeling was revised in October to highlight a boxed warning about the risks of life-threatening infections, including PML.
The 6-foot-8 Griner is also a star on the U.S. national team.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A member of the royal family of Abu Dhabi who was captured on videotape torturing an Afghan grain dealer has reportedly been detained, a senior U.S.
Luke Bryan, Sara Evans, Tim McGraw, and Jennifer Nettles are the night's newest additions, the ACM and Dick Clark Productions announced today.
The concert will feature a variety of offerings, from solo performances to duets with the man of the hour.
The U.N.
Phelps leads U.S.
Barclays was fined US$450 million last week by British and U.S. regulators after the bank admitted some of its trading desks purposely under-reported its interest rates as part of LIBOR (London interbank Offered Rate) -- an interest rate floor between big banks that is set in London each trading morning.
(CNN) -- The family of Kendrick Johnson -- the south Georgia teen found dead in his high school gym a year ago -- has filed a lawsuit against the funeral home that handled his remains, alleging negligence and fraud.
Don't sell yourself short for a few bucks.
Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died on June 25 at his rented estate in Holmby Hills.
Wood drowned in the Pacific Ocean on November 29, 1981, off the isthmus of Catalina Island.
General rush tickets and ticket lotteries are available to anyone looking to try his or her last-minute luck.
Two popular musicals offer onstage seating at a fraction of the standard prices.
The Meth Project has made a name for itself with graphic, disturbing print and broadcast ads meant to wake up kids to the dangers of methamphetamine addiction.
911 tapes released Wednesday tell of fast-spreading fear among shoppers as a gunman fired Monday night.
The gunman, Richard Shoop, later shot himself in the head, authorities say.
All three men said they have signed statements admitting their guilt.
Sen.
"It is a show trial, there's no doubt about it," Clinton told CNN's Fareed Zakaria in a wide-ranging interview to be broadcast on his "GPS" program Sunday.
U.N.
"If we weren't involved in these wars, we would have more freedom," he said.
Born on July 10, 1921, in Brookline, Massachusetts, Shriver was the fifth of nine children of Joseph P. and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy.
"My colleagues and I are sending a letter to [AIG CEO Edward] Liddy informing him that he can go right ahead and tell the employees that are scheduled to get bonuses that they should voluntarily return them," Sen.
(CNN) -- World No.
The assembly is tasked with rewriting the constitution, deciding the country's future political system and governing the nation.
Recent research also has linked caffeine to a reduced risk of Parkinson's disease.
Volunteers have added more than 765,000 records to the database in the six months since the project began, and the number goes up everyday.
It will be hosted by Girls Aloud singer Nicola Roberts and include appearances by Rihanna herself, though it is unclear how frequently the pop star will be on the show.
It will be hosted by Girls Aloud singer Nicola Roberts and include appearances by Rihanna herself, though it is unclear how frequently the pop star will be on the show.
The bus had left the city of Arequipa about seven hours earlier, heading to the town of Santo Tomas in the mountains, he said.
Eyewitnesses said a group of gunmen stormed into Mogadishu's Sahafi hotel, which is frequented by foreigners, and seized the two French citizens.
Republican Sens.
More than 15 million Americans have some degree of kidney disease, according to estimates.
The Ms.
In fiscal year 2011, there were 18,506 U.S.
Fincher estimates that about 350 pages had to go in order to get the story down to watchable movie length, and according to screenwriter Steven Zaillian, much of that was in the very beginning.
One of the few subplots to get dropped entirely was Blomkvist's romantic liaison with Cecilia Vanger, one of the more amiable of the clan he is investigating, which the filmmakers skipped for both time and to tone down the emphasis on the protagonist's philandering.
(CNN) -- Defending champions Inter Milan face the prospect of losing the Italian league lead to their bitter city rivals after being held 1-1 by Palermo in Sicily on Saturday evening.
But Edison Cavani leveled just 13 minutes later after good work by Fabrizio Miccoli, earning a point that put Palermo two points ahead of Juventus in fourth place and extended their unbeaten home run to 23 matches.
Bulger is accused of 19 killings and 13 counts of extortion and money laundering during a 20-year "reign of terror" that defined South Boston from the early '70s through 1995, when Bulger fled Boston.
"I can still remember the meeting that took place in my office with Sen.
The alleged assault took place on September 20 at the Gaylord Texan Hotel, which is the Cowboys' team hotel, CNN affiliate KDFW reported.
The latest was the U.N.
Mexican authorities have blamed feuding cartels for similar killings in other parts of the country.
(CNN) -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher could be set to make a shock return to Formula One as Ferrari look for a short-term replacement for the injured Felipe Massa.
Some 150 million Indians have no access to clean water, according to government data.
Pebble, a smartwatch that wirelessly connects with your smartphone to alert you of incoming calls and messages, blew past the previous Kickstarter record of $3.3 million only five days after launching its crowdsourced funding effort.
The Louvre is one of the biggest repositories of ancient Egyptian antiquities in the world, much of it treasure taken during the time of the French and British occupation of the country.
The ALA keeps track of challenges filed and counted 327 reported attempts to restrict or remove books from schools and libraries in 2011.
Tuesday, Sen.
(CNN) -- Reigning world champions, Italy have been held to a 1-1 draw by New Zealand in their World Cup Group F match at the Mbombela Stadium in Nelspruit.
(CNN) -- Leandro Benitez scored both goals as Copa Libertadores winners Estudiantes de La Plata beat Pohang Steelers 2-1 in Abu Dhabi on Tuesday to book their place in the Club World Cup final.
The Tomb of the Patriarchs -- known to Palestinians as Ibrahimi mosque -- is in Hebron, a West Bank city that houses about 500 Jews heavily guarded by Israeli soldiers, who live among about 170,000 Palestinians.
The tomb is revered by Jews and Muslims as holy and has been a point of frequent conflict between the Israelis and Palestinians for years.
Rachel's Tomb is known to Palestinians as the mosque of Bilal.
"Fear has become a friend of mine," he said in a statement.
Government officials say they cannot stop the centuries-old tradition, despite opposition from animal-rights activists from Nepal and India.
Riots from Haiti to Bangladesh to Egypt this year over surging food prices brought the issue to a boiling point.
More graduates planned to work for a non-profit or teach, or attend graduate or professional school in 2010 than 2009, according to NACE.
Republican Sen.
In the place of room service the hotel is trying a new concept: a cafeteria-style restaurant called Herb n' Kitchen.
President Mamadou Tandja is said to be detained in a military camp.
President Barack Obama also signed an executive order allowing the U.S. government to impose a host of sanctions on both individuals and entities deemed to be violating Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity.
St.
Located between Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore, the Strait of Malacca links the Indian Ocean to the South China Sea and Pacific Ocean and is the shortest sea route between Persian Gulf oil suppliers and Asian markets, according to the U.S. government's Energy Information Administration.
This year, there have been 26 recorded cases of polio around the world, compared with 46 people who were infected with polio last year.
Marti told the group of leaders to do a better job to protect other children like his son.
By acts of "immeasurable courage," Staff Sgt.
"It ought to be a shock to all of us, as a nation and as a people," Obama said at the Marine Barracks, just a few short blocks from the Navy Yard.
(CNN) -- Japanese golf prodigy Ryo Ishikawa has announced he will donate his tournament earnings from 2011 to the victims of the tsunami which recently devastated the Asian country.
Ishikawa, 19, will also give $1,200 for every birdie he achieves during the year and the world number 45 is planning a tour of the severely effected Tohuku area of Honshu Island.
"None of us are entirely safe from organized crime.
"Twilight: The Musical" will make its off-Broadway debut as a one-night-only staged reading on January 16, and the proceeds will benefit the charity Blessings in a Backpack.
Besiktas won the Turkish league title with a 2-1 win over Denizlispor as nearest rivals Sivasspor lost 2-1 to last year's champions Galatasaray.
(CNN) -- World No.
When her church schedule permits, Sparks tours the country with rabbi-slash-comic Bob Alper and Muslim comedian Azhar Usman using religion as fodder for their act ("Southern Baptists don't talk about sex," says Sparks.
Speakers, including Bishop T.D.
Bush has expressed interest in writing a memoir and hitting the highly profitable lecture circuit, but experts say both pursuits could pose pitfalls.
According to the firefighters union's Facebook page, the man who was struck is Lt.
The Canadian star got a standing ovation during the speech.
The Rev.
Nearly 1,000 customers were without power, according to Baltimore Gas and Electric Co.'s Web site.
The Department of Homeland Security said Tuesday that all arriving passengers from West African countries that Ebola has hit hardest -- Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea -- must land in one of the five U.S.
The service is partially a response to the closure of all bridges from Virginia to D.C. on Inauguration Day, a measure that prompted an uproar among Virginia residents.
Madeleine was 3 years old when she disappeared during a family vacation in Praia da Luz, Portugal, on May 4, 2007.
The FBI called North Korea's actions "outside the bounds of acceptable state behavior" in a statement released Friday and called cyberthreats "one of the gravest national security dangers."
New York (CNN) -- The mansion and four-acre estate featured in Francis Ford Coppola's 1972 film "The Godfather" is up for sale for a whopping $2.9 million.
Owner Jim Norton said he put the eight-bedroom, five-bathroom Staten Island home on the market after his father recently passed away.
In addition to Male or Female, Facebook now lets U.S.
The $795 million in grants and loans funded by the 2009 economic stimulus act will create 5,000 construction and installation jobs, and generate $200 million in associated private investment, according to information provided by the White House.
The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours, but the Dalai Lama will not be admitted to the hospital, the spokesman said.
California Gov.
President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping wrapped up their Sunnyland summit Saturday with a late-morning stroll in the California desert.
Aides say the location offered the two leaders a quiet place to work through a range of issues.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A U.S. government panel listed 13 countries Friday as "egregious" violators of religious freedom.
Egypt -- the Arab world's most populous nation -- is seeking a rescue loan of $4.8 billion from the Washington-based IMF to buoy its ailing economy and a weak currency that is driving up consumer prices.
Egypt -- one of Africa's largest economies -- is also grappling with a high unemployment rate of 13% and a young workforce that is becoming increasingly frustrated by a lack of skilled jobs.
On CNN's "State of the Union" on Sunday, South Carolina Sen.
"I didn't see the kangaroo, and it didn't see me," he said by phone on Friday.
Calls for Lee to resign began after South Korean tycoon Sung Woan-jong was found hanging from a tree in Seoul in an apparent suicide on April 9.
Sung, who was under investigation for fraud and bribery, left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top officials, including those who work for the President.
Unpredictable and capricious, bush fires are an erratic phenomenon -- houses burn but kitchen tables are left intact, garages burn to the ground leaving cars inside untouched.
(CNN) -- Real Mallorca's hopes of qualifying for the Champions League were dented by a 1-0 defeat away to Spanish strugglers Tenerife on Monday night.
Some 18,750 people faced death sentences at the end of 2011, while at least 676 people were executed across the world, the report said.
Countries in the Middle East recorded a steep rise in executions last year -- 50% up compared to the previous year -- with Saudi Arabia (estimated to be 82), Iran (at least 360), Yemen (at least 41) and Iraq (at least 68) responsible for 99% of all recorded cases in the region.
Meanwhile, the United States was the only member of the G8 group of leading economies to execute prisoners -- 43 in 2011, the report said.
Dr.
The unlikely find could be nearly 200,000 years old and suggests a fourth type of ancient human who lived in Asia long before Homo sapiens ever came to be.
"There's a lot of sadness and deprivation, but there's a lot of beauty in it as well," she said.
Virginia's premier wine country, dotted with working farms and over 1,000 acres of grape vines, spreads out around the city of Charlottesville in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
If you're still using Internet Explorer, stop!
Washington (CNN) -- The field of potential Republican presidential candidates in 2016 might have just gained one more name: Sen.
To gain her black belt, Varsha had to learn up to 15 karate moves.
Varsha trains for at least two hours every day but says she still has time for other games.
Morris is president of Anbex Inc., one of only two FDA-approved U.S. manufacturers of potassium iodide, a medication that can block the thyroid glands of human beings and animals from absorbing excessive amounts of radiation from a nuclear accident.
(CNN) -- A Spanish court on Tuesday approved the extradition of former Guatemalan Interior Minister Carlos Vielmann to his homeland to face 10 murder charges stemming from incidents at two prisons there.
It has received $91 million in funding from investors including Accel Partners and Hurbert Burda.
They started dating in 2006, and the Brazilian model is the mother of his two children.
Sudan claims the oil fields in the town of Heglig, which account for about half of the nation's oil production.
Washington (CNN) -- Texas is still grappling with an Ebola scare, and Gov.
The folks at the The Weinstein Company, meanwhile, continue to enjoy good news for their much scrutinized bottom line: Quentin Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds" landed at No.
At number five, "G.I.
Its move comes less than two months after American Robbie Rogers became the first openly gay male athlete to play in a U.S.
The study analyzed 1.6 million mammograms taken at 90 radiology facilities in seven states between 1998 and 2006.
Jakarta (CNN) -- Southeast Asia's top diplomat has warned that the South China Sea disputes risk becoming "Asia's Palestine", deteriorating into a violent conflict that draws sharp dividing lines between nations and destabilises the whole region.
(CNN) -- The world's wildlife has declined by 27 percent since 1970 because of the human impact on the environment, the World Wildlife Fund said Friday.
Pollution and overall climate change are other factors causing a loss of biodiversity, it said.
Even without the stress of eight children, rolling cameras, and public scrutiny, all couples encounter tension in their relationships.
The 11 suspects identified Monday include one woman and 10 men.
(CNN) -- Peter Hedblom overcame a final-round charge from fellow Swedish golfer Martin Erlandsson to win the Johnnie Walker Championship by one shot in Scotland on Sunday.
(CNN) -- Eight government troops were killed and at least 28 soldiers were injured in Abyan province when suspected al Qaeda militants attacked the governmental military base for Brigade 211 in Dofas district, a security official in the district confirmed.
In a different incident, pro-government tribal fighters said that six suspected al Qaeda fighters were killed in a government air raid in Arqoob district of Abyan province, eyewitnesses said.
Nearly 80,000 refugees have entered the nation from neighboring Sudan, where fighting has flared in the states of Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile, U.N.
The island, identified as Sandy Island by Google Maps and Sable Island on others, was supposed to be quite large in size -- 156 square kilometers (60 square miles) -- but the ship sailed right through the area where the island was supposed to be.
You know it shows D.C. as a real city, not just a city of monuments and memorials."
Angry protests also took place in several cities around the world on Sunday against Israel after its air strikes in Gaza killed at least 270 people and wounded hundreds more.
The president is making his campaign official slightly earlier than is typical for an incumbent so he can get a jump on fundraising in a season that's likely to shatter all records.
Then bill sponsor, Sen.
(CNN) -- Elan Gale, producer of "The Bachelor," is under heat for his live-tweet-turned-hoax aboard US Airways over Thanksgiving weekend.
The game allows players to build and develop their own cities, countries and civilizations across the expanse of time.
As national Democrats are jumping at the chance to sink Rep.
It will be led by those college students who called themselves the "Dream Defenders' in Florida who marched from Daytona Beach to Sanford on Easter weekend saying they were doing to so reach Dr.
The IOC also ruled that the riders who finished behind Hamilton in the individual time trial in Athens will now be moved up in placement.
Conson is forecast to move through the Gulf of Tonkin on Saturday, making a final landfall in northern Vietnam, near Hanoi, in the afternoon, according to CNN World Weather.
To endure in the cutthroat tech world, a company can't just rely on doing one thing well.
Gov.
Nearly three dozen aircraft and 40 ships from 10 countries have so far failed to find any sign of the aircraft, which took off from Kuala Lumpur shortly before 1 a.m.
Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines.
The president said he had "directed the relevant departments and agencies to review the implications under U.S. law for our assistance to the government of Egypt."
Walmart remains a relative novice in e-commerce in the United States where the market is led by Amazon.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The United States is expelling the Venezuelan ambassador to the United States in response to a similar move by Venezuela, U.S.
It comes a day after Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announced that he was expelling the U.S. ambassador to Venezuela, Patrick Duddy.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The United States is expelling the Venezuelan ambassador to the United States in response to a similar move by Venezuela, U.S.
The U.S.
"Abandoned babies are reported, but because of the stigma attached to it, there is no detailed report, because the women don't come forward," said Dr Naqib Safi of the U.N.
The March 27 incident was publicized days after it happened, when Federal Aviation Administrator Randy Babbitt suspended the air traffic controller, for "compromising the safety" of the planes' occupants.
Duch was convicted of war crimes, crimes against humanity, murder and torture in July in a U.N.-backed war crimes tribunal also known as the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia.
Since then, Palacios has gained international fame for two red wines, Finca Dofi, which costs about $100 a bottle, and L'Ermita, which costs about $1,000 a bottle.
Most of Palacios' wine from these three appellations costs $18 a bottle or less.
The winner of that match will face either former world No.
Washington (CNN) -- Michelle Obama hasn't given any indication that she'll run for political office, but Sen.
Arranged marriages are still the norm in India and parents play an active role in choosing a life partner for their children.
Garry McCarthy said Koman Willis has been charged with first-degree murder and aggravated battery in the death of Jonylah Watkins, whose death was held up nationally as a new low in Chicago's gun violence.
Officials plan to continue the heightened security throughout the week.
"Skyfall" director Sam Mendes will direct the commercial as well.
Though the spot itself has yet to be released, we should expect greatness, or at least virality: Wieden & Kennedy, the agency that brought us The Man Your Man Can Smell Like, is making the ad.
Today Cordy Tindell "C.T."
The ailing Mubarak is on trial on charges of corruption and ordering the deaths of hundreds of protesters during the clashes last year that led to his downfall.
An estimated 131,000 veterans are homeless, according to the VA.
Sunday's dialogue meeting began as Syria's foreign ministry summoned the U.S. and French ambassadors and accused them of interfering in internal affairs when they visited Syria's fourth-largest city without permission last week, state media reported.
"The bloodshed needs to stop.
What patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals proper access during exams, meaning it must open and close easily.
U.S.
The terror attacks in India left more than 160 people dead in November 2008.
The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey, released Tuesday, also indicates that Obama's presidency appears to have made blacks more optimistic about race relations, but less than one in five believe the new president has ushered in a new era of race relations in the country.
Walsh is pictured in the colors of the racehorse Seabass, who she rode to third in the 2012 Grand National steeplechase at Aintree.
(CNN) -- At least five homes were destroyed after a tornado touched down in western Oklahoma Monday evening, authorities said.
The method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those, 10 were new.
Completing the game's main quests can be done in less than four hours (a good length for a D&D campaign), but doing all the side quests will add some time to your play.
The movie, like last year's "Valentine's Day," was written by Katherine Fugate and directed by Garry Marshall, and I can just imagine Marshall showing up on the set to basically shout seven words: ''Action!''
(EW.com) -- "New Year's Eve," a schlock ensemble love-o-rama timed for the season of easy good feeling, is a movie I often found myself laughing at in ridicule, and one that also gave me a lump in the throat.
But Monday marks the day that super powerful vacuum cleaners that use more than 1600 Watts can no longer be sold in stores in the EU, nor manufactured in EU plants.
11 Flavia Pennetta's 7-5 6-2 victory over Melanie Oudin in Sunday's opening singles match gave the Italians an unassailable lead.
Importantly, unlike some open source licenses, the Apache License lets anyone use the code in question as part of proprietary software.
For one thing, Google doesn't try to prevent you from downloading apps of which it doesn't approve.
In 1966, Bob Dylan was in a mysterious motorcycle crash near his house in Woodstock.
Peru also remains the second largest producer of coca in the world, behind Colombia.
Many children lay among the lifeless bodies authorities pulled from the seas of the coast off West Java.
New York (CNN) -- A federal judge ruled Tuesday that a New York gun law restricting assault weapons and large-capacity magazines was constitutional, but he threw out a provision prohibiting the loading of more than seven rounds of ammunition into a firearm.
Dr.
The charges against Bradley, and any additional charges that are filed, will be presented to a grand jury "at some point," Biden told CNN.
Police believe the abuse goes back "for several years," with victims as young as 2, he said.
Have Mother Nature and Ol' Man Winter gone Jekyl-and-Hyde on us?
The 18-page memo is heavily redacted, with 10 of its 18 pages completely blacked out and only a few paragraphs legible on the others.
The heaviest clashes took place in the mountain region of Manakha, considered a stronghold for anti-government fighters.
Mariam Yehya Ibrahim, 27, was condemned to die by hanging last month after she declined to profess she is a Muslim, the religion of her father.
Responding to allegations, St.
"People have to see these.
All tropical storm warnings on the Baja California peninsula were discontinued, but a tropical storm warning remained in effect for northwestern mainland Mexico, from Huatabampito to Bahia Kino.
North Korea has been under intense international pressure since its third nuclear test earlier this year, which spurred the U.N.
So far, one person has been fired; two more are on administrative leave.
A local journalist whispered, "Don't stay long.
Discounts for singles abound in the less busy off-season -- summer in Mexico and the Caribbean, winter in Alaska -- when tours and resorts have difficulty filling all their spaces.
Tour companies based in Europe are also less likely to charge a supplement, mainly because the fee is not an accepted part of the culture there.
(CNN) -- Since 2008, Richard St.
(CNN) -- Since 2008, Richard St.
(CNN) -- Since 2008, Richard St.
"If there are no otherwise disqualifying matters here, it appears to me she will probably be confirmed," Sen.
"If there are no otherwise disqualifying matters here, it appears to me she will probably be confirmed," Sen.
Obama is scheduled to meet with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and hold a news conference with him; attend an official dinner; and visit the Istiqlal Mosque, the largest mosque in southeast Asia.
(CNN) -- Actress Mariska Hargitay went to a hospital for tests Wednesday after she "experienced some discomfort" related to the collapsed lung she suffered in January, her publicist said.
The case highlights the preference among many Indians for sons over daughters, a situation that has already created a worrisome gender imbalance in the world's second most populous nation after China.
Murphy was nominated for best supporting actor in 2006 for his supporting role in "Dreamgirls."
The Wawona Packing Co. in Cutler, California, announced late last week it's expanding a voluntary recall of its products.
Strong winds and rain from the powerful storm have left thousands without power.
The LEGO Foundation -- the charitable arm of the LEGO Group -- has opened a school in Denmark designed to provide young children with a new, creative way to learn.
The school aims to deliver the traditional curriculum required by the Danish government alongside play-centric teaching and learning.
The LEGO Foundation is looking to collaborate with the school to learn more about child development and product development, said Uhre Fog.
Investigators say DNA found in a car used to transport Jewish market attack gunman Coulibaly has been traced to a man who is already in custody in connection with the attacks, according to a source familiar with the ongoing investigation.
The heat has affected many outdoor activities, prompting one Minneapolis movie theater marquee to read, "We have AC.
Six ships -- three passenger and three cargo vessels -- were carrying over 10,000 tons of aid and 600 passengers from more than 20 countries, says the Free Gaza Movement.
Though none of its leaders has won the prize, Ghana has successfully held elections and transferred power on five occasions since 1992 without imploding -- unlike its Western neighbor, Ivory Coast.
Eighty ambulances were sent to the scene to transport the injured to local hospitals, said government spokesman Ahmed Rady in a statement.
(CNN) -- The August downing of a Chinook helicopter in Afghanistan that killed 38 people, including 17 U.S.
(CNN) -- Tamil Tiger rebels acknowledged the death of their leader Sunday, nearly a week after the Sri Lankan government said it had recovered the body of Velupillai Prabhakaran and declared victory in the country's 25-year civil war with the rebels.
An estimated 70,000 to 80,000 people have died during the quarter century of fighting.
The late-night left-wing talk show is getting an 11th and 12th season on the premium cable network, taking the program through 2014.
Maher has been a fixture on HBO since his first stand-up special for the network in 1989 and currently has an overall deal with the network.
"You never know what a 90-year-old is going to say, do you?" he said.
Obama and congressional Democrats "made a strategic decision to put immigration on the back burner, and they now claim they can't even propose immigration legislation without a Republican," said Sen.
Obama and congressional Democrats "made a strategic decision to put immigration on the back burner, and they now claim they can't even propose immigration legislation without a Republican," said Sen.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Billionaire oil man T.
Since 2006, the siblings' grass-roots campaign to help Honduras has grown to 25 campuses and raised more than $750,000 to fund projects, including the construction of two schools and the establishment of scholarships to help young women attend college.
But that's probably too much to ask for and Jenkins may have to accept that he spends the first six months to a year in his new job fighting fires.
The man, who was not named by police, was one of tens of thousands who were evacuated from the area.
The story itself risks getting overly sweet at this point, but miraculously it never melts into a syrupy wash.
There are more videogame cameos and winks than you can shake a Wiimote at â€” even the Konami Code, the gamer's paternoster, makes an appearance â€” but the real success of the film is its emotional core and the relationship between the two misfits.
(CNN) -- Strikes fueled by higher prices for gasoline, diesel and kerosene spread across sections of India on Monday, disrupting rail and port traffic in some areas.
(CNN) -- Chengdu police are investigating the death of a Foxconn employee, whose body was found outside his residence earlier this week.
Instead, health workers should switch to N95 respirators that form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth.
Mr Schultz also serves on the board of directors of DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc.
A county clerk in suburban Philadelphia has given nearly 100 same-sex couples marriage licenses, even though the state bans same-sex marriage.
The case could lead to a reversal of the state's version of the federal Defense of Marriage Act, or DOMA, if a judge were to side with Hanes in finding that the ban on same-sex marriage contradicts the state's constitution.
(CNN) -- West Virginia Gov.
Senate seat left vacant by the death of Democratic Sen.
Senate seat left vacant by the death of Democratic Sen.
Sultan Munad, an Afghan journalist accompanying Farrell, also was killed in the raid, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said.
"I was on the path to not living old and this bothered me," he said.
The true cross phenomenon begins with Emperor Constantine, the first Roman emperor to convert to Christianity.
Could fragments of a tree survive millennia?
In the aftermath of the attacks of September 11, 2001, President George W.
Jinan is far away -- more than 780 miles (1,200 kilometers) -- from Chongqing, Bo's former powerbase, or other places where he had held senior positions.
"Dragon" is a rarity among King's early works: A stand-alone novel that hasn't been previously adapted into a live-action feature.
"Dragon" takes place in fictional realm of Delain and follows a teenage prince who is falsely accused of murdering his father, the king.
Gamers can race Patrick's converting vehicle -- it flies, drives and floats -- against popular Sega characters like Sonic the Hedgehog, Tails and Dr.
"Spent a beautiful evening of love making with none other than my husband," the Irish rocker wrote on her website.
"In the history of this house, there has never been a night quite like this," Obama said.
Mr. and Mrs.
No tsunamis were expected, according to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center.
Co-stars Jon Cryer and Angus T.
(CNN) -- At the request of the Australian, Russian and Chinese governments, the U.S.
CNN's Dr.
Gen.
The tsunami followed a 7.7-magnitude earthquake off the Indonesian island of Sumatra.
In an exclusive telephone interview Friday night with CNN, Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said the Taliban intelligence wing was actively gathering information on foreign aid workers.
In the 15-minute interview, arranged by an intermediary for CNN, Hanafi repeated the Taliban's pledge to keep girls out of public schools.
RootMetrics recently compared 4G networks from the four major U.S. carriers in 27 cities.
The researchers, from the University of Sydney and the University of New South Wales, found that interruptions led emergency department doctors to spend less time on the tasks they were working on and, in nearly a fifth of cases, to give up on the task altogether.
France's accident investigation agency, BEA, told CNN that the agency is "dismayed" by the voice recording leak to Bild.
Washington (CNN) -- Dr.
Documentary Description: "Latino in America 2: In Her Corner" follows Marlen Esparza's journey to the 2012 Olympics, the first games to allow women to compete in boxing.
(CNN) -- Rep.
Taylor -- who was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003 -- is charged with five counts of crimes against humanity, including murder, enslavement and sexual slavery and violence.
(CNN) -- U.S. prosecutors have filed charges against a security company, accusing it of faking completed background checks to bilk the government of millions of dollars.
Rep.
Do you know a hero?
The name Redskins is "an insult to Native Americans," according to the two lawmakers, Sen.
Barkley also cautioned that people with ADD are more sensitive to the effects of alcohol and are unable to drive safely after drinking.
The move comes as part of a deal announced December 17 to normalize relations between the United States and Cuba.
Cpl.
She had been honorably discharged from active duty at the rank of specialist nearly four years ago but was recalled as part of the Individual Ready Reserve program.
(CNN) -- Bolivia President Evo Morales declared a U.S.
The Senate Republican's most senior member is ready to support President Barack Obama's attorney general nominee, U.S.
Simply looking through a small hole is enough to experience 3-D, says Dhanraj Vishwanath, a psychologist at the University of St.
South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war.
"I can't breathe" has become a new slogan in protests against alleged police brutality after a grand jury declined to indict a police officer in the death of Eric Garner.
(CNN) -- The Kroger Co. is recalling select pet food packages from stores in 19 states fearing some of these products may contain aflatoxin, a toxic chemical byproduct that could be harmful to animals.
As a general rule, SPF 15 blocks 93% of UVB rays, SPF 30 blocks 97% and SPF 50 blocks 98%.
There's lifesaving reason to: About 3.5 million cases of skin cancer will be diagnosed this year.
The casualties were announced shortly after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi accused followers of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden of brainwashing the youth of Zawiya with hallucinogenic drugs, resulting in the unrest.
(CNN) -- Family and friends of 16-year-old Demetrius C.
She previously married and divorced musicians Tommy Lee and Kid Rock -- one time for each.
Ridgway, who will step down in March next year, rejected suggestions that he was leaving the company over a pay dispute and said Virgin Atlantic management has been "legendary" in building up the carrier to its current size.
Giant pandas are one of the world's most endangered species.
Detectives are working with J.C.
Robaina's tobacco leaves are considered some of the best in the world.
A box of premium Vegas Robaina cigars can fetch more than $500 on the international market.
The listeria outbreak is the deadliest food-borne illness outbreak in the United States since 1998.
The U.S.
Members of the predominately Orthodox Jewish Englewood community are less than enthused about a visit from a leader who has made anti-Zionist statements in the past.
Find a plastic surgeon who is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery, the only plastic surgery board that is recognized by the American Board of Medical Specialties.
Ahead of the British prime minister's speech, U.S.
The move, if true, would strain the already stressed trade relationship between the United States and China.
She will preside over 543 elected members, of which 58 are women.
The World Health Organization has counted 14,557 cases of H1N1 -- 96 of them fatal -- in 48 countries.
Between 20,000 and 40,000 people in the U.S.
The standard vaccine regimen has been five shots over a 28-day period, but recent research has shown that the vaccine works in just four (or even three) shots.
Wild animals -- especially bats -- are by far the most common cause of rabies exposure in the U.S.
Washington (CNN) -- The prospect of Virginia Gov.
Soaring food prices have triggered violence in some developing countries, and biofuels are bearing at least part of the blame.
If convicted, he could a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison.
By 12:01 a.m.
India was among the emerging economies that agreed earlier this month to work toward limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit), and Ramesh took issue with suggestions that his government was "running away" from that commitment.
The opposition Liberal Democratic Party filed a no-confidence motion Wednesday, and needs a total of 240 votes for it to pass in parliament.
(CNN) -- David Beckham has confirmed that he is almost certain to return to Italian club AC Milan on loan when the transfer window re-opens in January.
Doctors Without Borders will conduct trials at three treatment centers in Guinea and Liberia, the medical aid agency announced Thursday.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is expected to take the first procedural steps to overcome an anticipated filibuster over whether to officially take up the Syria resolution.
Zimbabwe's inflation rate of 231 million percent is the world's highest.
(CNN) -- World No.
Republican Rep.
Sen.
Earlier Friday, the Labor Department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Agriculture Department's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service announced they were looking into the death of Dawn Brancheau, 40.
There were no new images of Castro, 86, released Wednesday.
In the message on Wednesday, Castro reportedly congratulated doctors graduating from a Cuban medical institute on the 50th anniversary of the institute's founding.
Investigators charged her with criminal possession of a controlled substance, a misdemeanor that carries a maximum one-year sentence.
New York (CNN) -- A nearly 200-year-old copy of "The Star Spangled Banner" is set to hit the auction block Friday at Christie's auction house in Manhattan.
A U.S.
Health officials around the world hailed the decision by Australia's high court, which stubbed out claims by tobacco companies that the packaging of cigarettes without branding was unconstitutional.
Their populations are declining rapidly because of hunting and diseases like Ebola hemorrhagic fever, whose symptoms include diarrhea, vomiting and internal and external bleeding.
LONDON, England -- UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match European ban following his horror tackle on Celtic's Scott Brown last week.
Retired Gen.
During his time at the facility, Jenks starred in, directed and produced "Andrew Jenks, Room 355," a feature film that HBO eventually bought the rights to and aired in 2008.
A month after Panamanian authorities intercepted a North Korean ship with military equipment hidden on board, U.N.
There is little transparency in determining the cost of presidential travel.
Obama is visiting Myanmar for the second time in two years to attend the ASEAN economic summit while checking in on democratic reform efforts in the nation also known as Burma.
The state's Department of Health & Hospitals said Thursday that tests conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found Naegleria fowleri in St.
By June 2016, the port is expected to be able to manage huge crude carriers known in the business as "VLCCs," which handle two million barrels per load.
After closing out his guest spot on "Parenthood" in the fall, Michael B.
The Lakers are defending the title they won against Orlando last year, while the Celtics are looking to reclaim the crown they have won a record 17 times -- their last victory coming over the L.A. side in 2008.
Meanwhile, Gbagbo's government accused U.N. troops of killing a police officer in Daloa.
The lawsuit demands the Vatican release the names of thousands of Catholic priests that the suit says have "credible allegations of sexual misconduct" against them.
Accused Ohio school shooter T.J.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- The one-star general almost yells when asked to talk about the infamous Abu Ghraib photos showing U.S.
The current storm in question -- Typhoon Hagupit -- may not yet hit Tacloban, such is the chilling unpredictability of these weather systems, but the prospect of another massive storm so soon after Haiyan is enough to alarm people here.
Washington (CNN) -- President James K.
"Bullitt" is perennially voted one of the best car movies of all time and we're comfortable following suit.
U.S. interests in Germany were among the targets of the plot, Michael Chertoff, who was the U.S.
A little-known Uzbek militant group, the Islamic Jihad Union, claimed responsibility for the plot days after the arrests.
"He is nothing short of an assassin."
The White House won't comment on a petition signed by more than 270,000 asking for the pop star to be deported for his repeated starring role in famous-people-behaving-badly.
Heathrow airport is expecting a record number of passengers on Monday as athletes begin to flood into the city for the Olympic Games, which start a week from Friday.
Nigeria's military began clearing the western Niger Delta region last week, its first major operation against the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta, an armed militant group that demands a better distribution of the country's oil wealth.
Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) -- Saddam Hussein's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majeed -- also known as Chemical Ali -- was executed Monday, an Iraqi government spokesman said.
Al-Majeed had been sentenced to death in four separate trials, including one that focused on his involvement in a poison gas attack against Iraqi Kurds that killed about 5,000 people.
Alaska is estimated to have the highest rate of reported rape in the county, according to FBI crime data.
Meanwhile, a Spanish priest who contracted the disease in Liberia will be flown to Madrid and become Europe's first patient from this outbreak, according to the Spanish government.
The "Rain of Poems" marks the beginning of what is being described as the biggest ever gathering of international poets.
According to multiple reports, Oscar-winner Philip Seymour Hoffman has been asked to play Plutarch Heavensbee, the new Gamemaker at the Capitol after Seneca Crane (Wes Bentley) was creatively executed at the end of The Hunger Games.
Hoffman just ended a widely acclaimed run playing Willy Loman in Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman" on Broadway, so why not take the summer off and then hop onto one of the biggest movie franchises in Hollywood?
Powell rejected lethal injection, the state's usual method of execution.
"This is beyond any human reasoning or understanding at this time," the sheriff said.
As we've reported, the FCC's new rules forbid Internet providers from blocking lawful content and they require transparency from ISPs.
Critics had worried that the new Order would only affect outright website blocking, leaving paid prioritization untouched (or even implicitly sanctioned).
More research and discussion is needed about future warming and the environments that might produce storms, he said.
No students were believed to be involved in the incident.
The couple's first child, Prince George, was born in July 2013.
At least 1.7 million people -- nearly a quarter of Cambodia's population -- died under the 1975-1979 Khmer Rouge regime from execution, disease, starvation and overwork, according to the Documentation Center of Cambodia.
The President will make targeted stops in Detroit, Phoenix and Tennessee next week to promote, respectively, advances in the American auto industry, housing gains, and his education platform.
Health officials say 13 outbreaks and 129 cases have been recorded this year, according to the CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report.
California is reporting the highest numbers, with 58 cases from January 1 to April 14.
Over the weekend, Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y.
(CNN) -- Five Guantanamo prisoners accused in the September 11, 2001, terror attacks on the U.S.
"Your end is very near and your fall will be just as the fall of the towers on the blessed 9/11 day," the court filing said.
"That means people don't care about what was happening to their ancestors.
The charges stem from an incident last month outside CBS Studio Center in Studio City, California.
Officers with the Los Angeles Police Department received calls that the couple was having sex in a parked car.
The African-American actress and her white boyfriend accused police of racism for questioning them in what they said was only a public display of affection.
The situation has gotten so out of hand that tiny Guinea-Bissau, the fifth-poorest nation in the world, is being called Africa's first narco-state.
Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative willing to buck GOP leadership on fiscal issues, but he showed in Iowa last week that he's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many Republicans are anxious to avoid them.
Since the earthquake, the World Bank has made $479 million available to Haiti to support recovery and development through June 2011.
The west African nation plunged into bloody chaos after a disputed presidential vote in November.
Mexican authorities say they gunned down notorious cartel leader Nazario Moreno Gonzalez on Sunday.
(CNN) -- One of the UK's most critically endangered butterflies is making a comeback thanks to a profit making partnership between private landowners and conservation organizations.
Denmark's capital city, Copenhagen -- host to the U.N.
BERLIN, Germany (CNN) -- U.S.
"I allow some of the men here to flirt with me," she said.
He faces one charge of securities fraud in connection with an international scheme that has cost some investors their life savings and could face up to 20 years in prison and a $5 million fine if convicted.
An eruption on the tiny volcanic island of Nishinoshima in November 2013 formed a small islet right next to it when molten lava cooled.
That islet has merged with its neighbor and continues to develop.
The Syrian army has been fighting units that had defected from the military, said the LCC and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a London-based opposition group.
Belmoktar led a group called Al-Mulathameen Brigade (The Brigade of the Masked Ones), which is associated with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM).
John Engler, a former Republican Michigan governor and president of Business Roundtable, wrote in a June op-ed for U.S.
Xavier de Rosnay and Gaspard Augé of Justice played a DJ set at the event and gave a small preview of their new album "Audio, Video, Disco," (due October 24), but nothing too much.
(CNN) -- Tens of thousands of Congolese refugees fled camps Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo as rebel troops attacked government forces in the area, the U.N.
However, recent attacks in Shiite areas have spread fear among Iraqis that sectarian warfare between Sunnis and Shiites may ravage the country again.
Everyone aboard died -- a man, his wife and their three children -- Virginie Favier, a local police captain, told reporters.
Travers died from side effects of treatment from a bone-marrow transplant after battling leukemia, publicist Heather Lylis said.
But the risks are far greater for Chinese nationals who can be continually harassed or jailed for contributing to a sensitive report.
WHEATON, Illinois (AP) -- A gunman who took a dozen hostages in a suburban Chicago bank after wresting a gun from a police officer Friday died after shooting himself in the head, police said.
He was one of the first celebrities to offer aid after the devastating earthquake there in January.
Born in Haiti, Jean shot to fame in the mid-1990s as a member of The Fugees, a U.S.-based hip-hop and reggae group.
Despite the concerns of defense officials, lawmakers insisted that $10 billion will need to be cut from the Air Force's portion of the President's proposed budget, which, in total, exceeds spending caps by nearly $35 billion.
Rep.
Air Force officials argue that the force is currently older and smaller than it has ever been and that further budget cuts would hinder its ability to modernize and maintain effective command structure.
(CNN) -- An error from Brazilian goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes saw Real Madrid win 1-0 at Tottenham on Wednesday to reach the semifinals of the Champions League 5-0 on aggregate.
The No.
The United States has already killed a dozen or so ISIS operatives on the list, including an ISIS chemical weapons expert, the senior official says.
(CNN) -- An off-duty police officer shot and killed his son in the family's Maryland home because the younger man allegedly was stabbing his mother, who later died, Montgomery County Police said Thursday.
Phillips, 31, wore a custom Zac Posen gown and Masterson, 35, donned Albert Hammond Jr. for Confederacy.
The groom's brother Chris Masterson served as best man and guests included actors Ben Foster, Mike Pena and Ethan Suplee and acclaimed artist Gottfried Helnwein.
Manmohan Singh, India's prime minister, urgently requested a group of cabinet members to review the ban after the country's agriculture minister said that the curbs on the fibre would hurt farmers.
Cotton prices have risen this year after India banned exports for the second time in two years.
A deadlocked jury would result in an automatic life sentence for Tsarnaev -- which means the defense only needs to convince one juror to spare his life.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Pope Benedict XVI will visit England and Scotland from September 16-19, Queen Elizabeth II announced.
It will be the first state visit to the United Kingdom by a pontiff, the Foreign Office said, noting that Pope John Paul II's 1982 trip was officially a pastoral visit, while Benedict's is a "papal visit."
The official announcement comes as the Vatican reels from accusations that it did not do enough to stop child abuse by priests, nuns and other Catholic authority figures across Europe for decades.
Girls are encouraged to compete against each other to become the "hottest, coolest, most famous bimbo in the whole world."
U.S.
Roberts was taken away from her parents when she was 7 years old.
D.J.
Meanwhile, the top U.S.
The end of the 50-year freeze in diplomatic relations with Cuba will mean many more U.S.
World No.
If it's Spanish culture that interests you, look no further than St.
At 7 p.m.
Arsenal striker Robin van Persie misses the trip to Spain with a groin injury, but Samir Nasri and Theo Walcott have been passed fit for the clash at El Madrigal after a virus and knee injury respectively.
CNN Senior Pentagon Correspondent Jamie McIntyre reflects on the historic promotion of Gen.
The South Korean Navy issued two warning messages to the North Korean boats before firing a few dozen shots, the Joint Chiefs of Staff said, adding that the alert level for the navy had been raised.
The company denies the allegations and calls the plaintiffs "disgruntled former employees."
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A 13-year-old boy is in intensive care in Beijing after two adults assaulted him by releasing compressed air into his body using a mechanical pump at an automobile repair shop.
The last Super Bowl to be played in Minneapolis in the was in 1992 in the now-demolished Metrodome, the NFL website said.
Obama administration officials have pushed back against criticism on the domestic surveillance in the aftermath of the classified leaks last week that disclosed details of covert surveillance programs.
Rep.
The younger brother became a U.S. citizen last year and the older brother held a green card.
U.S.
Wright is a senior reporter for the British tabloid The Sunday Mirror, and had the first interview with the fan after the incident on June 18.
In case you haven't read "The Lorax," it's widely recognized as Dr.
(CNN) -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho will lead his Italian team into their first European Champions League final in 38 years on 22 May.
"Experience is a great teacher, but often a painful one," he said.
(CNN) -- The IndyCar Series is examining ways to make the sport safer after its four-time champion Dario Franchitti and several spectators were injured in a horror crash in Houston.
(CNN) -- Arsenal's English Premier League clash with Bolton has been postponed because of heavy snow in north London, the club have confirmed.
The playing surface at the Emirates was fit to allow the match to take place on Wednesday evening but there were safety issues affecting fans and concerns about transport.
The postponement of the match was the latest football fixture to be hit by the harsh weather in Great Britain.
Never in the history of Iranian presidential elections has a candidate put his wife in the forefront of his campaign.
"This is the first time after the Revolution we see a lady behind the president," said Farhad Mahmoudi.
A refugee is someone who has been forced to flee his or her home country.
(CNN) -- NASA officials said Saturday they are confident that space shuttle Discovery's Wednesday launch will go as scheduled, sending a crew of six astronauts to the International Space Station on an 11-day mission.
(CNN) -- German Thomas Bach was elected as the new president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in succession to Jacques Rogge following a ballot of 94 members of the IOC in Buenos Aires Tuesday.
More than 400,000 have fled since the beginning of this year to countries such as Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, Iraq and Egypt.
The game has 60 levels, with more content available through in-app purchases (only in the iOS version for now).
Today, Diageo employs 72,000 people across more than 200 markets worldwide.
The right course is the one championed by Ronald Reagan 30 years ago and by John McCain and Sarah Palin today.
Except both women wound up wearing similar bow-tied coats -- Mrs.
The campaign aimed to promote safe sex and reduce the stigma against sex workers.
Prostitution is legal in Brazil and is expected to spike as the nation gears up for the FIFA World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016.
On Friday, we will air a special town hall at 8 p.m.
Starting Monday, "Anderson Cooper 360Â°" will launch a week of reports and discussions at 8 and 10 p.m.
More than 450 women have been through the training since the group started it this year, a step that was taken after ISIS began its battle for the flashpoint city of Falluja in Anbar province -- a battle that was a bellwether of things to come in Iraq.
"The Ebola virus spreads through direct contact with the blood, secretions, or other body fluids of ill people, and indirect contact -- for example with needles and other things that may be contaminated with these fluids."
Legacy Locker allows users to set up a kind of online will, with beneficiaries that would receive the customer's account information and passwords after they die.
The break-up theme is front-and-center on "I Won't Give Up," the lead single off of Mraz's fourth studio album, "Love is a Four Letter Word."
Sen.
Can you shake hands with those who reach out with a fist?"
Turkish television showed footage of gendarme officers raiding the villa and detaining a suspect earlier this week.
The United States has, by far, the highest rate of gun ownership in the world, with 88.8 guns per 100 people, followed by Serbia (58.2), Yemen (54.8) and Finland/Switzerland (45.7 each), according to GunPolicy.org, an international database at the University of Sydney.
(CNN) -- BMW Oracle have taken a 1-0 lead in the best-of-three America's Cup after a comfortable victory over holders Alinghi in Friday's opening race in Valencia.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Gov.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
Billboard reports that Gaga's new album sold about 258,000 copies in its first week of release, giving her the second chart-topping debut of her career.
Don't wear Lederhosen made of plastic or cloth.
Universal's "The Lorax" dropped a relatively mild 44 percent for $39.1 million in its second weekend -- a drop that virtually replicates the second-weekend decline of 45 percent for 2008â€²s "Dr.
Thirteen films were selected for top awards out of a pool of 14,567 submissions from 147 countries.
Eyewitnesses said that more than 2,000 pro-government heavily armed tribesmen are stationed in the outskirts of Sanaa on a mission to cleanse Sanaa's Change Square from youth protesters.
Images of the striker were splashed across the Shanghai team's official website Monday, together with a statement saying the 32-year-old would be joining the club in January on a two-year contract.
The judge's order requires him to report daily to the police station nearest his home in Cala Rajada, on the northeast side of Mallorca, about 80 kilometers (50 miles) from the island's capital, Palma de Mallorca.
Boxing fans have long sought a fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao.
Pacquiao is the first boxer in the sport's history to have won world titles in eight weight divisions and recently launched a successful political career after being elected to the Philippine House of Representatives in June 2010.
The U.S. has acknowledged that it has held discussions about opening a Taliban office in Doha, Qatar, as well as the possibility of transferring some Taliban prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay as part of American support for Afghan reconciliation efforts.
The relocated tissue will grow along with Christine as she matures, Siebert says -- although he can't explain how.
(CNN) -- Italian title hopefuls Juventus suffered another setback with a 3-1 defeat at Bari on Saturday night, coming on the heels of the Turin giants' European exit.
Some tabloids effectively dance on Gadhafi's grave.
Even the left-leaning Guardian recognizes the success of NATO's military campaign in Libya.
In Germany, Die Welt ponders the question of how exactly Gadhafi's end came about, reporting on the conflicting information about his capture and subsequent killing, and questioning whether he died "in the crossfire or at the hands of a lynch mob."
Malaysia is brewing a heady concoction of authoritarianism and intolerance that should be setting off alarm bells in world capitals like Washington, London, Berlin, and Brussels.
Wikipearl ice cream and yoghurt were launched in selected Paris stores last June.
By Saturday, medical personnel had still not discharged 76 of the victims, according to the official Armenpress.
New Jersey Gov.
No injuries were reported, but a 50-block area around the port was evacuated out of caution, as the tanker was carrying a type of oil containing sulfide.
Although Bill is not expected to make a direct hit on the island, forecasters cautioned that the storm is large and will generate large swells on Bermuda as well as the islands of the northeast Caribbean Sea over the next day or two.
(CNN)Marine biologists at the South Carolina Aquarium are treating a rare, 475-pound leatherback sea turtle that washed up Saturday on a nearby beach.
Swartz, 26, faced allegations that he stole millions of online documents -- mostly scholarly papers -- from MIT through the university's computer network.
Critics have said it took too long for dispatchers to grasp the danger of the situation and alert police.
U.S. diplomats had been carrying out "extremely sensitive discussions" with Taliban intermediaries, a U.S. official told CNN on Tuesday.
Bergdahl has been held by insurgents in Pakistan since 2009.
RAWALPINDI, Pakistan (CNN) -- The office of Maj.
He says Washington is too focused on the safety of Pakistan's nuclear arsenal.
Olin "Jack" Armstrong and Jack Hensley were working as military contractors in Iraq when they were abducted in 2004.
Handheld gaming enthusiasts also have it good thanks to titles like "Puzzle Quest 2" for the Nintendo DS and DSi, which blends fantasy role-playing and casual mindbenders together in a surprisingly addictive medieval epic.
Sci-fi fans should also have a look at "Transformers: War for Cybertron" on the PC and all major console platforms.
New Delhi, India (CNN) -- The Indian capital has launched a campaign to discourage urinating in public places -- a common sight across the country.
Urinating, spitting and littering in public are acts punishable with a fine of $10 or more in New Delhi.
"This is more about my family and my surgical career," Gupta told CNN's "Larry King Live."
The 44th annual meeting is bringing together more than 2,500 leaders, thinkers and public figures representing more than 100 countries.
One airstrike targeted the house of the head of the Gaza police, Tayseer al-Batsh, and killed at least 18 people and injured 50, Palestinian security and medical sources told CNN on Sunday.
Hiroshi Yamauchi, who built Nintendo from a small playing-card company into a global video-gaming empire before buying the Seattle Mariners, died Thursday in Japan.
A crew of 15, including medical personnel and meteorologists, will shadow her from boats and kayaks.
He's identified as Cpl.
(EW.com) -- Now Shailene Woodley can pursue that film career fulltime: ABC Family has decided not to renew the five-year-old "The Secret Life of the American Teenager" for another season.
The drama from Brenda Hampton ("7th Heaven") will air the first of its final 12 episodes beginning in March, according to Deadline.
"Teenager" not only served as a springboard for the Golden Globe-nominated Woodley â€” who starred in "The Descendants" opposite George Clooney â€” but served as a beacon of light for the Down Syndrome community because it cast Luke Zimmerman as Tom, the high-functioning son of Kathleen (Josie Bissett).
Leaders Talk Climate Change - Discover some of the topics addressed by the U.N.
Southeast Flooding - Witness the impact of severe flooding across the southeastern U.S.
Troops in Afghanistan - Consider different opinions on how to fight the war in Afghanistan.
In a statement released Wednesday night, Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Jim McNerney said the company is confident that the planes are safe and is working with authorities to get them flying again.
Rapid weakening is forecast during that time.
The state's top elected official, Gov.
U.S.
Police are investigating Ferrell's claim that the shooting was justified by self-defense.
Millions of Elvis fans have peered into the planes as part of the Graceland tour, with Coker getting a cut of the ticket proceeds, but his agreement with Elvis Presley Enterprises has expired.
Analysts believe protests in Bahrain could spill over into Saudi Arabia's oil fields, located mostly in Shiite provinces.
NBC has ordered a new game show from Howie Mandel based on a popular gift-swapping tradition.
The concept seems to have the tense "take it or leave it" simplicity of "Deal," but adds the allure of using tangible gifts instead of dollars and has the contestants' gameplay impacting each other.
Gusty winds and freezing temperatures made that and the disembarking process difficult, according to Rau.
Rima Maktabi travels to Cairo to meet the renowned Egyptian author and feminist, Dr.
In Iraq meanwhile, IME meets two Baghdadi women -- one a human rights activist and the other a blogger -- facing the challenges of trying to rebuild their shattered country whilst making sure the key decisions are not left solely to the men.
Missouri Gov.
Analysts describe Shekau as a loner and a master of disguise.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that every year, more than 86,000 fall injuries are caused by pets.
Uwayezu arrived in Italy in 1997, took an alias, and was working as a vicar at the Church in Empoli commune near Florence when he was seized, Interpol said.
Dr.
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Former football great O.J.
(CNN) -- Former President George W.
On November 2, Apple admitted that iOS 5 had battery performance issues and announced that the company would fix the problem with iOS 5.0.1.
A CNN crew spotted police stopping the two men Thursday afternoon.
The big cat then twitches, glares and growls at the young girl just inches away from her face, before abruptly standing up on its hind legs and violently pawing the separating glass.
Some protesters broke shop windows in and around Taksim Square before scurrying for cover as police armored cars hosed them with water.
Justice Samuel Alito did not submit his disclosure form on time, and asked for an extension into August.
Celtic have been at the forefront of the debate, with Reid last week calling for the resignation of referee Dougie McDonald after a controversial incident during the club's 2-1 victory at Dundee United on October 17.
Tariq said Mehsud remains in hiding because he is being targeted by U.S.
Gen.
Washington (CNN) -- Virginia GOP Rep.
In the latest in a series of recent attacks meant to choke off supplies into Afghanistan for the United States and its allies, a rocket strike destroyed at least nine vehicles near the town Landi Kotal in the Khyber Agency -- one of seven semiautonomous tribal agencies along the Afghan border, a Khyber official told CNN.
As of the end of November, Airbus has received 778 firm A350 orders from 41 airlines.
The storm has been blamed for at least 16 deaths, several from carbon-monoxide poisoning caused by exhaust from generators, authorities said.
Wise Paula suggested Nick lose the Michael Jackson choreography and focus on his vocals, and Simon declared "Nick, I absolutely love you."
Obiang, who seized power in a 1979 coup, was re-elected in November in a vote that human rights groups criticized as unfair.
Fuller was confirmed to the U.S.
The portrait, by the Australian-born artist Ralph Heimans, is being taken down until the damage can be remedied, the abbey said in a statement.
An estimated 20 million Americans are currently infected with HPV.
HPV can cause certain cancers of the anus and penis in men, although those diseases are far less common than cervical cancer in women.
Myanmar accounts for the vast majority of the region's poppy cultivation.
However, the Army and the inspector general are at odds over a testing step called "first article testing," initial testing of a product to meet Army standards.
(CNN) -- Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan hit the campaign trail Thursday to pitch energy policy and defense spending, as new polls showed President Barack Obama maintaining a slight lead in three key swing states after Romney named the conservative House Budget Committee chairman as his running mate.
What's going on in eastern Ukraine?
What do the people in the east want?
Is it true the country is on the brink of civil war?
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gov.
David A.
Michael J.
Getafe registered their first win of the season with a 2-0 victory over Murcia.
Their hits included "Proud Mary" and "I Want to Take You Higher."
But when the special guest finally materialized on the main stage, it wasn't Daft Punk, it was R.
Toth was placed on the FBI's "Ten Most Wanted" fugitives list last April.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
(CNN) -- Six Nations winners Ireland ended the year unbeaten after defeating world rugby champions South Africa 15-10 in Dublin on Saturday thanks to an assured kicking performance from newcomer Jonathan Sexton.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Chesley B.
About 250 firefighters, including "hot shot teams" from Arizona, Nevada and Georgia, are on the scene to battle the two blazes in steep, rugged terrain, Saginor said.
Seal is best known for his hits "Crazy" and "Kiss from a Rose," which appeared on the "Batman Forever" soundtrack.
Almost all of the victims are believed to be from Haiti and the Bahamas, according to the U.S.
Heogh-Guldberg was one of the first marine biologists to link coral damage to climate change.
The victim was cleaning cages when a worker nearby heard her screaming, Sheriff Rob Gambill said in a statement.
As soon as Sofia Vergara and Rob Lowe presented the nominees for outstanding lead actress in a comedy, Amy Poehler, whose name was read first for "Parks and Recreation'" smiled at the camera and then promptly ran up onto the stage before any of the other nominees -- let alone the winner -- was announced.
Back from commercial break, viewers were treated to a sketch where characters from different shows all popped up at the Dunder-Mifflin office to discuss their least favorite thing about their jobs.
Just when we thought all the joke mileage that could be gotten out of Ricky Gervais' Golden Globes hosting controversy had run out ages ago, he once again faced some of the celebs he slammed -- albeit in an Emmy pre-recorded message.
Former President George H.W.
Williams was known for taking on as many projects as he possibly could.
The planet, known as CoRoT-7b, was detected early last year, but it took months of observation to determine that it had a composition roughly similar to Earth's, the European Southern Observatory said in a statement.
(CNN) -- The news editor of the Zambian newspaper The Post has gone on trial for allegedly circulating obscene material to politicians, the newspaper states on its Web site.
Yet the lawyer and Mississippi Tea Party leader has been under fire for the past month, having been charged with three others -- according to The Clarion-Ledger newspaper -- in connection to a blogger accused of taking a picture of Sen.
The romaine lettuce, sold under the Freshway and Imperial Sysco brands, was recalled in connection with an E. coli outbreak that has sickened at least 19 people in Michigan, Ohio and New York.
"Where in the Quran does it say that girls should not be educated?" she asked last year.
The bell is considered an iconic monument to American independence.
Likewise the Huffington Post put her on its best dressed list this week proving that stylishness doesn't have to stop for nine months.
The Rev.
(CNN) -- Charges of rebellion will be leveled against many of those arrested during martial law in the southern Philippines -- declared in the aftermath of last month's massacre of 57 civilians, the nation's justice secretary said.
DORCHESTER, Massachusetts (CNN) -- Friends, family and colleagues paid tribute to Massachusetts Sen.
The India government said this year it has launched a campaign to reduce road-crash deaths by 50 per cent by 2012.
(CNN) -- Florida Gov.
"These were demos freely given away by the band.
Pagano, Metra's executive director, made no attempt to step off the tracks, and the train, which was traveling between 45 mph and 55 mph, could not stop in time, Nygren said.
He will serve the last two months of his 23-month sentence in home confinement in Virginia, his publicist Judy Smith said.
Vick, 28, pleaded guilty in August 2007 to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia.
"Crown Forces Watch" had called for people to post pictures of police officers and details of security operations across Northern Ireland.
The page appeared after a series of recent police raids and arrests in connection with the murder in April of Catholic police officer Ronan Kerr.
Beijing (CNN)China has linked violence in its far-western Muslim region of Xinjiang to ISIS and says Chinese nationals have fought for the extremist group.
Exiled Uyghur activists have long disputed the Chinese government's assertions, pointing to the lack of evidence and accusing the authorities of using the alleged ISIS connection to justify their increasingly harsh rule in the region.
The U.S.
President Barack Obama said Monday that the United States has asked Iran to return the drone aircraft that Iran claims it recently brought down in Iranian territory.
Two U.S. officials have confirmed to CNN that the missing drone was part of a CIA reconnaissance mission that involved both the intelligence community and military personnel stationed in Afghanistan.
"We love the president," Rep.
Over time, that can lead to a shattered backside as small scratches grow to become large cracks that travel across the back of the device, much like a ding on a windshield.
While starring in the sure-to-be-a-hit "Catching Fire" would help brighten Kitsch's tarnished star power thanks to the one-two punch of "John Carter" and "Battleship," Kitsch is already committed to director Peter Berg's Navy SEAL drama "Lone Survivor."
(WIRED) -- When Microsoft and Facebook announced that they were partnering to integrate Facebook and Bing for social network-powered search, it confirmed something I thought Monday: Windows Phone 7 is the real Facebook phone.
Microsoft has been quietly building a social network without anyone actually noticing.
(CNN) -- Opening statements are set to begin Tuesday in the trial of self-help author and speaker James Arthur Ray, who is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter in the death of three people at an Arizona sweat lodge.
Florida is the only state that specifically bans all "homosexual" people from adopting children, although it does allow them to be foster parents.
(CNN) -- Carlos Tevez is wanted by clubs in Spain and Italy as well as England's Premier League should Manchester United choose to show him the door when his loan deal expires at the end of the month.
A firefight between the soldiers and gunmen on the Egyptian side of the border ensued during the incident, injuring the suspects, according to a statement from the Israeli Defense Forces.
(CNN) -- In six days, the United States government's borrowing authority will be exhausted.
Rep.
"We are deeply concerned for the welfare and lives of the people of South Kordofan and we condemn the bombing of churches and Christian facilities," added Graham, son of the famed Rev.
More than 78,000 people have fled South Kordofan and Blue Nile states since August of last year after an armed rebellion took root, the United Nations reported.
Hodskins, 17, recently got the news of his life: The University of Florida offered him a preferred walk-on spot on its basketball team next year.
"People are just getting information that's flat wrong," Sen.
U.N.
The remaining plaintiff claims Travolta groped him during a massage at an Atlanta hotel last January.
The Overdose Protection Act applies to those who seek medical help for themselves or someone else experiencing a drug overdose.
Secessionist movements in Spain, Belgium and the UK hinge upon a heady mix of national identity, history and economics.
Burress was not licensed to carry a pistol in either New York or New Jersey.
"A 'photographer' almost hit me in the face with his camera this morning," Baldwin said in a Twitter posting, which carried the hashtag #allpaparazzishouldbewaterboarded.
"I don't want anyone to go through what I have gone through," he said.
BELGRADE, Serbia (CNN) -- The U.S.
Do you know a hero?
Michael Moore, the U.S.
The protests started September 17 in lower Manhattan and are aimed at drawing attention to the role powerful financial interests played in America's spiraling economy.
Rihanna was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend, singer Chris Brown, before the Grammys on February 8.
Wisely sticking to early versions of girl-group gems (Ruby & the Romantics' ''Our Day Will Come''), outtakes (2002's ?uestlove-aided ''Halftime''), and alternate versions of singles, the album largely sidesteps the dozen or so post-"Black" recordings that Winehouse made while battling her addictions.
Recorded at home in the spring of 2009, it reveals the singer at her most raw: ''When my life is over/Remember when we were together/And I was singing this song for you,'' she cries, her voice growing quieter and quieter.
By definition, a premature baby is born before the 37th week of pregnancy.
The United States plans to withdraw all its combat troops from Iraq by August, leaving 50,000 in advisory roles.
The Keflavik International Airport and Reykjavík International Airport will be closed beginning early Friday morning, the aviation authority said, according to a statement on the Keflavik airport's website.
Elsewhere in northern Iraq on Tuesday, Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition troops killed three suspected militants in an operation targeting al Qaeda in Iraq, the U.S. military said.
"Bullies target youth who are unlikely to fight back," says lead author Karen P.
The findings, Kochel says, drive home how important it is for parents and teachers to be aware of the signs of depression in children, arrange for treatment if needed, and help depressed children socialize and get along with their peers.
The Austrian quartet of Schlierenzauer, Wolfgang Loitzl, Andreas Kofler and Thomas Morgenstern, collected an Olympic record points total of 1107.9.
(CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Real Madrid closed the gap on Barcelona to seven points at the top of La Liga with a 4-1 home win over Real Sociedad on Sunday.
The police report said the officer immediately recognized Simmons, 42, and knew that there was an outstanding warrant for his arrest for failure to appear in court for a previous charge.
(CNN) -- More than 1 million GE and Hotpoint dishwashers are being recalled after a series of fires.
"The A-Team" Opens: June 11 Genre: Action "The A-Team," starring Bradley Cooper, Liam Neeson and Jessica Biel, is based on the 1980s TV series that starred Mr.
The exhibit has a Koala Cam, but Mundu's Houdini-like move was not caught on camera.
(CNN) -- A rebel group in the Democratic Republic of Congo killed at least 321 civilians and abducted 250 others -- including at least 80 children -- in a previously unreported rampage late last year, Human Rights Watch said in a report released Saturday.
Right now, APOE gene testing is only recommended for people with mild problems with mental function or dementia; for people with no symptoms, it should only be done in a research setting, experts said.
Images of the turmoil spread around the world via Flickr and Youtube, too.
Lillo Brancato Jr. appeared on "The Sopranos" and played alongside Robert De Niro in "A Bronx Tale."
As a teen, Brancato starred alongside actor Robert De Niro in "A Bronx Tale."
The piece, 84 measures in length, is marked "Allegro molto" -- meaning it is meant to be played "very quick."
A six-week deployment to the Falklands is conventional for search and rescue pilots at this stage of their career, it said.
(Rollingstone.com) -- In an interview with BBC 6 Music, Beach Boys mastermind Brian Wilson hinted that the group may reunite in the studio to celebrate their 50th anniversary.
Schools were also closed across Iowa and parts of Minnesota.
The minister said he was "encouraged" by Kerry's meetings in Moscow this week, at which the U.S. and Russia agreed to push for an international conference on Syria that would possibly be held by the end of the month and include, for the first time, representatives of the Syrian government as well as the opposition fighting that government.
Jordan, which is being inundated by a wave of Syrian refugees, will receive nearly $43 million, which will support United Nations humanitarian programs in the region.
Brady Smith, a spokesman for the U.S.
Rep.
Humphries' girlfriend will be deposed by Kardashian's lawyers in New York Tuesday, Wasser said.
David Gibson, a journalist who worked for Vatican Radio when John Paul II was pope, pointed out that the pontiff wrote an apostolic letter -- essentially a papal position paper -- on suffering in 1984.
When Rep.
Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) was the only person to serve as a candidate for the post after he received backing from more than 20 of the 25 parties in parliament.
Nepal, 56, is a former general secretary of the Communist Party, but had resigned after the party made a poor showing last year against another Communist movement.
Pushpa Kamal Dahal, the Maoist chairman, resigned as prime minister May 4 after the president overturned the Cabinet's decision to sack the army chief.
English Premier League side Chelsea have been banned by FIFA from signing any new players until 2011
Have FIFA made the right decision?
-- A labor law reform package is to be submitted to Parliament during its next session, which is expected to be called in June, to boost protection "for the fundamental rights to freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining, as well as occupational safety and health."
More than 880,000 people have clicked on the most popular version of the video on YouTube, posted by a user using the name "michaeljacksonhoax" under the title "Michael Jackson alive?!
The 9th U.S.
Millions of Americans get a diagnosis of high cholesterol every year.
Cholesterol comes from two sources: your body and your food.
The world No.
1st Class Christopher D.
One Filipino soldier was also killed, and two more were wounded, he said.
Development for the next-generation USB connector, called the Type-C, is underway and will be thinner and sleeker than current USB 3.0 cables (pictured above), according to the USB 3.1 Promoter Group, which is made up of industry heavy hitters including Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard and Intel.
The organization said the Type-C connector will be completed by mid-2014.
The memorial will be held at an outdoor amphitheater at Apple's headquarters, and could last from one to three hours.
The plane "burst into flames immediately on crashing" at the international airport, according to the African Union Mission to Somalia.
It was carrying arms to the African Union forces in Somalia when it crashed as it landed just before 8 a.m.
Established in 2007, the peacekeeping force has more than 17,000 personnel from across Africa helping the Somali government battle Islamist militants in the nation.
Final Cut Pro X is a rebuild of the 12-year-old software, according to Apple's Peter Steinauer and Randy Ubillos.
In a statement, the CW said it had learned information about Preston after the show wrapped that disqualified her, and actually re-shot scenes, suggesting Preston might have been declared the winner the first time around.
There has been speculation, not confirmed, that Preston might have bragged about her victory on her Facebook page before the finale, thus breaking the rules of the competition.
In China, cosmetics now outstrips groceries as the biggest selling item in its department stores, according to a report from Fung Business Intelligence Center.
In 2013, Chinese women, and increasingly men, spent 162.5 billion yuan ($26 billion) on cosmetics in an industry that showed 13.3% growth year-on-year, according to the same report citing figures from Euromonitor International.
Japan's annual beauty and personal care market is still the largest in the region at about $50 billion, second in the world only to the United States (which is about $70 billion), according to Euromonitor International.
The ritual, known as the metzitzah b'peh, is a type of circumcision in which the person performing the procedure, or mohel, directly places his mouth on and sucks the blood from the baby's newly circumcised penis.
As the slurs piled on, Adams was labeled a fool, a hypocrite, a criminal, and a tyrant, while Jefferson was branded a weakling, an atheist, a libertine, and a coward.
As the slurs piled on, Adams was labeled a fool, a hypocrite, a criminal, and a tyrant, while Jefferson was branded a weakling, an atheist, a libertine, and a coward.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The United States temporarily closed its government facilities in South Africa on Tuesday after a "possible threat" to its embassy, the U.S.
Severe heat and humidity stretched from Vermont to North Carolina on Thursday with temperatures reaching the mid- to upper 90s, the National Weather Service said.
Since 2005, Brad Blauser's Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids program has distributed nearly 650 free wheelchairs.
"Disabled children -- they're really the forgotten ones in this war," said Blauser, 43.
The rally was prompted by the alleged assault of a monk by Muslim youths days earlier, police said.
(CNN) -- Craigslist will replace its controversial online "erotic services" listings with a section where ads are individually checked by Craigslist employees before they are posted, according to Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal.
George W.
Apple on Tuesday announced a new Mac Pro high-end desktop powered by Intel's "Nehalem" processor.
To understand China we need to start by accepting that it is very different from western societies and it will remain very different and only if we understand China in its specificity, can we make sense of it.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
A pair of suspected U.S.
Citing a "source," the report says Lenovo is planning to be ready to ship the device in October and that it will have an Intel chip, so it clearly won't be a Windows-on-ARM device.
A key differentiator among Windows 8 tablets will be whether they're based on a traditional PC chip or one that uses the ARM architecture.
From crumbling buildings to abandoned lots long overgrown by nature, Traub says he examined neighborhoods long troubled by destitution yet ripe with beauty and possibility.
"I want to show the complexity of the place.
Havana, Cuba (CNN)Historic talks set to begin on Wednesday between the United States and Cuba could lead to "re-established relations," but dealings between the two countries cannot be considered normalized until the U.S. trade embargo is fully lifted, a Cuban official said Tuesday.
It took several hours for Navy personnel to reach the crash site because it was in remote, mountainous terrain, and an overnight snowstorm made getting to the scene more difficult.
Bobby Lee Cutts Jr.
And if he did not -- if he thought she was a burglar, as he insists -- did he act as a reasonable person would have?
The report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century, based upon four different carbon emission scenarios.
Monday's hearing determined that there is enough evidence to try her.
Sens.
The carrier race comes amid rising assertiveness of Asian's military powers and changing conditions in the region.
(CNN) -- Back in 2006, volunteers with No More Deaths, a humanitarian organization dedicated to helping migrants along the Arizona-Mexico border, began hearing the same stories from many who had been in the custody of the U.S.
The developer of Holyland, Hillel Cherney, had been previously convicted of bribing Olmert and other high-level officials in exchange for Holyland approvals.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- A new sleeper virus that could allow hackers to steal financial and personal information has now spread to more than eight million computers in what industry analysts say is one of the most serious infections they have ever seen.
Army Secretary John McHugh has directed that Maj.
MADRID, Spain (CNN) -- Letters containing white powder were mailed to 16 U.S.
In the sideways universe, Jack has a wound on his neck that keeps reopening for no apparent reason.
The Ibn Battuta was carrying 6,500 tons of sand for use in the glass industry and was on its way from the Port of Abu Zenima in Egypt to the United Arab Emirates, the TV station reported.
The ship had experienced bad weather in the Red Sea, with low visibility and high waves.
Blogger Nate St.
The incident, which was caught on dash-camera and cell-phone video, showed Trooper Daniel Martin pulling over a Creek Nation ambulance for a traffic-stop violation.
The FBI asks anybody who knows the bank robber or who has information in the case to call 423-282-8090.
Are these otherworldly creatures the cutting edge of design or just plain creepy?
However, recent attacks in Shiite areas have spread fear among Iraqis that sectarian warfare between Sunnis and Shiites may ravage the country again.
(CNN) -- Referee Tom Henning Ovrebo was understood to have been smuggled out of England by police after receiving a number of death threats following his officiating of the Champions League semifinal second leg between Chelsea and Barcelona -- according to the UK Press Association.
Do you know a hero?
Diageo posted a 5% rise in sales growth for the second half of last year, despite a decline in European sales.
Recent acquisitions for London-based Diageo have included ShuiJingFang, a maker of baijiu, a Chinese white spirit, as well as Mey Icki, in Turkey.
But you could also argue that the Web has contributed to our epidemic laziness.
Discovered in a monastery in the Sinai desert in Egypt more than 160 years ago, the handwritten Codex Sinaiticus includes two books that are not part of the official New Testament and at least seven books that are not in the Old Testament.
The Hanford site is a 586-square-mile area that once played a major part in U.S.
The U.S.
In person, Cook is gruff and assertive, but in a way that makes people feel secure -- this is no doubt part of the reason why Apple has slowly been introducing Cook to the public via Apple keynotes over the last few years.
The $5.3 billion arms package includes upgrades to Taiwan's F-16 fighter fleet, a five-year extension of F-16 pilot training at Luke Air Force Base in Arizona and spare parts for the upkeep of three different planes currently in use by the Taiwanese, according to the State Department.
China voiced strong opposition to the deal when it was announced last week, with the state-run Xinhua news agency quoting China's vice foreign minister, Zhang Zhijun, as saying, "The wrongdoing by the U.S. side will inevitably undermine bilateral relations as well as exchanges and cooperation in military and security areas."
HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- About 220 Zimbabweans congregated outside the U.S.
Between August 2009 and August 2010, Twitter grew 76 percent while MySpace dropped 17 percent.
For that reason, Twitter's actual reach might be higher than the numbers from comScore imply.
SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- North and South Korea will hold three days of talks on reunions for families torn apart by the Korean War and divisions between the two countries, South Korea's Unification Ministry said Tuesday.
(CNN) -- A series of U.S. diplomatic cables from early this year directly accused Syria of supplying advanced weaponry, including SCUD ballistic missiles, to the Shiite militia Hezbollah in Lebanon.
The dancer -- Karima El Mahrough -- was 17 years old at the time of the alleged sexual encounter with Italy's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, according to prosecutors in Milan.
Gestational diabetes results from hormonal changes that every woman has during pregnancy, according to the Cleveland Clinic.
But Gen.
Baradar was captured in 2010 in Karachi, Pakistan's largest city, which is known to be a haven for many militants from across the country and its bordering regions.
The infants land and bounce on a bed-sheet held taut by men 50 feet below, and are quickly passed through the crowd to their mothers.
During his trip, Mr Xi is expected to sign several co-operation agreements with Tanzania, including plans for a $10bn port project in Bagamoyo, Philip Marmo, Tanzania's ambassador to China, told the Chinese newspaper 21st Century Business Herald.
The port, which is located north of Dar es Salaam, will be linked to a special industrial zone and function as a trade hub linking Asia and east Africa, with the state-owned China Merchants Group leading the port construction, according to Mr Marmo.
The visit to Tanzania is rich in symbolism because the Tanzania-Zambia railroad, built in the 1970s, was one of China's first major infrastructure projects in Africa.
Woods, who turns 39 on December 30, failed to make the cut at the U.S.
Matthew and Rowena Schade, along with their children, met with Knox County Sheriff Jim Janecek Monday about 10:50 a.m.
The announcement comes after the U.S.
Perhaps Apple is putting the Touch on a two-year update plan like the iPhone, letting people keep their pocket computers for a little longer than usual.
The Chamber of Commerce continues to be a major player in the 2014 fight for control of the Senate, with its next move to be a multimillion-dollar ad buy for Republican Joni Ernst in Iowa's Senate contest.
(CNN) -- World No.
Also, the NRC created the Japan Lessons Learned Project Directorate, a group that focuses exclusively on implementing regulations based on the lessons learned at Fukushima.
Afghanistan is one of the most-mined countries in the world, according to HALO.
Japan has launched a sweeping review of nuclear power since the disaster at Fukushima Daiichi, which displaced more than 100,000 residents.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The U.S.
This year's U.S.
Having been thwarted in his initial attempt at suicide, Hamilton gives Will all but a few minutes of his life while the latter man is asleep, leaving him the message "don't waste my time," hoping that Will will do something worthy with his new found riches.
Brazil in 1950 was a largely agrarian country, aspiring to national development and global influence but without the wealth and stature it has today.
In this sense Brazilians are playing an important role in world football, not simply in their traditional role as brilliant players and passionate fans, but as protesters against and reformers of what many allege is a corrupt institution of global governance.
Goldbach said investigators first learned of a breach in protocol in February over a June 2011 incident in which samples were incorrectly catalogued.
Ford envisions a future where all cars are connected and as he puts it, "talk to each other," such that you already have a parking spot at your destination when you leave your house, be automatically re-routed to avoid traffic based on data being sent in real-time by the cars in front of you, and find a cab via your smartphone.
Citing the fact that the average American spends one week per year in traffic, and that the average resident in Beijing spends 5 hours per day commuting, Ford thinks the answer to the crisis is not to build more roads, but to build a smarter transportation system that makes use of real-time data and connected cars.
Dr.
Since it is Asia that has the greatest potential for the growth of Catholicism, it makes sense to highlight an Asian success story and to recognize the Asian youth who will be called on to continue that growth.
David Nabarro, U.N. system coordinator on Ebola.
Dr.
Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have long battled government forces in a country that is overwhelmingly Buddhist.
Lukas Podolski pulled a goal back late on for Germany with his third strike in two games to set up a nail-biting finale, but there was to be no way back for Joachim Loew's team, who finished with 10 men following the 90th-minute dismissal of substitute Bastian Schweinsteiger .
Staff Sgt.
"Big Questions" is just what a novel should be, if by novel we mean a very long story that creates an entire imaginary universe that involves us so deeply that we begin to think of ourselves as characters within it.
Ending life without parole for all juvenile offenders is the sensible thing to do.
Since July 2012, at least 22 polio workers have been killed.
Dr.
Residents have fled from 10,000 homes along the edges of the Angeles Forest since the fire started last Wednesday.
According to CNN's initial analysis, roughly half of this year's 36 races for governor could be competitive.
Meanwhile, Barcelona was held to a 2-2 draw in the first leg of its Copa del Rey quarterfinal by 10-man Malaga at Camp Nou.
(CNN) -- Floyd Mayweather Junior has confirmed that he will fight WBA welterweight super champion Shane Mosley in Las Vegas on May 1 following the controversial collapse of his much-hyped showdown with Manny Pacquiao.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- CNN chief medical correspondent Dr.
Authorities were looking into why the plane went down during takeoff from Kandahar airfield Monday morning, but the role of insurgents had been ruled out, said Lt.
Military officials did not identify the type of jet that crashed, nor did they release the nationality of the crew.
The "Keen Sword" exercise will continue until December 10 on military sites in Okinawa, mainland Japan and the waters surrounding it, according to officials.
About 10,500 U.S. service members are taking part in the drills, officials said.
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- 50, several of which risk crumbling to the ground due to neglect and lack of public resources.
Prince William and Duchess Catherine will set up their own temporary London home this summer as well, just a few miles away, at Kensington Palace, according to Clarence House, the office of Prince Charles and his family.
One e-mail shows an Italian company trying to get around U.S.
More than 100 people arrested during the fracas in Baltimore this week were released Wednesday without charges, the state public defender's office said.
New York (CNN) -- The remains of three women found on a remote stretch of beach in Long Island, New York, do not include those of Shannan Gilbert, whose search led to the investigation of a possible serial killer.
Polls consistently show that security is the top concern among a vast majority of Mexicans.
The multi-million selling violin star -- who competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics under the name Vanessa Vanakorn -- has lodged an appeal with the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).
(RollingStone.com) -- The BBC assembled a "We Are the World"-- style cast of globally famous musicians to sing the Beach Boys' "God Only Knows" with its 80-piece BBC Concert Orchestra for a spot promoting the network's newly launched BBC Music venture.
The BBC has created a charity single of the song to raise money for its BBC Children in Need campaign.
Debris covered the streets -- pieces of metal, poles and glass littered the area.
Wait 'til you see where I put hair model DeAndre Brackensick (pictured) as the Top 13 head into tonight's two-hour Whitney Houston/Stevie Wonder performance round.
The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died since the Syrian conflict began in March 2011.
Gen.
Special masters of the U.S.
The dancer, Karima El Mahrough, was 17 years old at the time of the alleged sexual encounter with Italy's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, according to prosecutors in Milan.
Seven of the nine high court members were named by GOP presidents.
Dominick Wesley Arceneaux was last seen by an aunt Tuesday afternoon in the front yard of a mobile home in Chidester, in south-central Arkansas, authorities said.
Their hits are still radio mainstays, and their influence is audible in successive generations of pop-savvy rockers, from Weezer to the Strokes.
"Move Like This" is a reminder that New Wave can still sound new, especially when the Cars do it.
President Barack Obama has cited Petraeus' experience in working with the CIA on counterinsurgency efforts in the field as a reason for his nomination as the agency's director.
The White House says it's waiting on the State Department to review a new court ruling that effectively removes a major block to the building of the Keystone XL pipeline.
Donald Robert Welty is suspected of attempted assault on a police officer, disorderly conduct and harassment, according to Ansley Bernatz of Multnomah County Detention Center in Oregon.
Gulf States in the GCC (Gulf Cooperation Council) are said to be considering plans for a value added tax (VAT) by 2015 while also lowering corporate tax rates to increase foreign direct investment, according to the Paying Taxes 2013 report conducted by the World Bank, IFC and PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Youssif also expects a good year for Arab banks, estimating that net profits will grow at 15% in 2013.
The Union of Arab Banks, headquartered in Beirut, Lebanon, was setup in 1974 to foster cooperation between Islamic banks and support those in the region.
Instead, the summit is expected to address military tensions, including settling a sea border dispute on the west coast of the Korean peninsula, and economic issues, such as how South Korean businesses can help the North climb out of extreme poverty.
(Rolling Stone) -- Jay-Z and Beyoncé can't trademark the name of their daughter, Blue Ivy, the U.S.
As the last of eight films based on the books by J.K.
Saudi Arabia's radical form of Islam mandates the death penalty for same-sex relations.
The study drew on data from the medical records of more than 37,000 Israeli soldiers who were drafted at age 17 and chose to pursue careers in the military.
Current weight and recent weight changes strongly influence the risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
Adm.
(CNN) -- Mark (John Hawkes) is a 36-year-old virgin and impatient to do something about it.
It's a clichÃ© that actors playing disabled always win accolades, but these are also technically demanding roles, so why not?
There were no deaths or injuries, and the fire was out three hours after it began, the Dubai Civil Defense said.
Ice shelves are floating ice sheets attached to the coast.
Of the 163 arrested, 41 will be charged with homicide, said spokesman Emmanuel Ojukwu.
The comments were posted on a Facebook group page last year called "No More West Indian Detail," which has since been removed.
The parade is an annual event in Brooklyn that celebrates West Indian history and culture, but has been a scene of violence in recent years.
Iran has threatened several times previously to close the Strait but it has never carried through with it.
The Senate may vote on the full spate of reforms by the end of the week.
The 8.5-ton lab module is part of an experiment to test space rendezvous and docking capabilities, essential for the operation of a manned space platform.
Sowell has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to the 85 counts he faces.
Do you know a hero?
While the United States is the only country in the region of Pakistan and Afghanistan known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones -- which are controlled remotely -- U.S. officials normally do not comment on suspected drone strikes.
South Korea is also a strategic Western ally and the fourth-largest economy in Asia.
He has been arrested a number of times this month.
Besigye has vowed to "walk to work" to protest every Monday and Thursday, contending the government is manipulating prices of fuel and other commodities.
The damage was so severe that California Gov.
According to a Pentagon report released last week, the number of service members anonymously reporting a sexual assault grew by more than 30% in the past two years.
(CNN) -- Former first lady Barbara Bush will spend the night in a Houston, Texas, hospital Tuesday night after falling ill, according to a family spokeswoman.
In 1990 Chris Perez joined Selena's band as a guitarist.
Perez has written a book about his time with Selena called, "To Selena, With Love," which shows a different side to the singer.
The United States is proposing tough new sanctions on Iran at the U.N.
Do you know a hero?
Maradona, 48, will be assisted by former Argentina coach Carlos Bilardo, who will act as general manager.
(CNN) -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho will be banned for the next three Italian Serie A games following a gesture he made during Saturday's controversial 0-0 draw against Sampdoria.
He says the best part of the job was photographing young American GIs and feels privileged to have had encounters with movie stars like Bob Hope, Tony Bennett and Patti Page during his military travels.
Most victims of the late Tuesday landslide live in the Kilimanjaro region near the mountain by the same name, Kaganda said.
U.N. officials warned last month that east Africa is facing mudslides, crop destruction and waterborne diseases as a result of heavy downpour triggered by El Nino weather patterns.
The mountain is the highest peak in Africa and is a major tourist attraction.
That said, if she is arrested, Pettway would be prosecuted at the federal level for allegedly kidnapping White, then an infant.
Dr.
Provincial elections are seen as key in empowering Iraqis at the grass-roots level and creating a political system that includes those who have been alienated from power.
Meanwhile, Audi won the Le Mans 24 Hour endurance race for the 10th time in 12 years on Sunday, as its sole remaining driving team of Benoit Treluyer, Marcel Fassler and Andre Lotterer triumphed in the 79th staging of the legendary event.
PARIS, France -- France lock Sebastien Chabal has been cited for a dangerous tackle on England's Simon Shaw during Saturday's World Cup semifinal in Paris.
Last week, the D.C.
Flight 370 vanished March 8 while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.
Also on Friday, the FBI said it was looking into an online posting by a neo-Nazi white supremacist group that published the home addresses of all six of the African-American teenagers, as well as the phone numbers of some.
(CNN) -- World number one golfer Tiger Woods has become a dad for the second time after wife Elin gave birth to a boy, Charlie Axel, on Sunday.
The Antigua and Barbuda-flagged ship, named Victoria, was seized Tuesday and 11 Romanian crew members were being held captive, said Lt.
Piracy has been soaring off the coast of eastern Africa -- particularly Somalia, which has not had an effective government since 1991.
The playoff system will replace the current -- and controversial -- Bowl Championship Series -- which began in 1998.
The Gulf state has introduced the Labour Market Regulatory Authority to register and track workers of all types.
She was re-elected in 2009, but recent polls suggest she may struggle to secure a third term.
Testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime.
Don't sell yourself short for a few bucks.
The 26-year-old Weylandt, who suffered a fatal accident on the descent of the Bocco climb, was honored by the peloton who refused to race the entire 216km stage from Genoa to Livorno -- effectively neutralizing the stage.
(CNN) -- The bow of a U.S.
Watch Staff Sgt.
Japan is expected to lift some of its unilateral sanctions on North Korea, but to keep to multilateral ones in line with U.N.
The Asian art market has typically been driven by savvy investors and China's nouveau riche.
With a market of burgeoning art buyers, artists from the region are making their mark, too.
Hong Kong is now the world's third largest art market by auction sales, according to the Hong Kong government's investment department.
Dr.
In Washington, State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said U.S. officials had "expressed our astonishment" at the sentence, though not directly to Saudi officials.
Do you know a hero?
Voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states and seven federal territories.
Yes, the system will play 3-D versions of premium game franchises like "Street Fighter" and "The Legend of Zelda," says Fils-Aime.
Franchitti ends his career with 31 IndyCar wins and 33 starts in the No.
If you care about the environment, if you care about gas prices, if you care about where our soldiers and navy may serve next, if you want the U.S. to remain strong and dominant in the world, look to the north this summer.
Kikukawa and several other board members were eventually forced to resign, while Olympus shares lost around 80% of their market value in the first weeks after news of the scandal broke.
(CNN) -- The little-known South African Louis Oosthuizen shocked the world of golf as he stormed to his first ever major win on Sunday with a runaway seven-shot victory at the British Open at St.
The win really is a fairytale story for the 27-year-old who lives on a farm in Gourits River, South Africa, next door to his parents.
In the coordinated onslaught, 10 gunmen stormed three hotels, a train station and a Jewish cultural center in Mumbai, killing 164.
They also called for people to take to the streets on February 11 to demand their rights back as citizens of Iran, The Green Way reported.
(CNN) -- Bayern Munich's France international midfielder Franck Ribery has suffered another injury setback in his battle to return to first team action.
Ribery played a part in just six Bundesliga matches during the first half of the 2009-10 season, lasting the whole 90 minutes only once due to a string of injuries.
Dave Schweidenback saw transformative effects of bikes while in the Peace Corps in Ecuador from 1977-80.
The move comes after five people were killed and 25 injured in clashes with police as protesters tried to take over Manco Capac International Airport in the Puno city of Juliaca.
(CNN) -- A man suspected of killing a 1-year-old child in Texas last year is among the U.S.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Democratic presidential candidates on Wednesday criticized President Bush's plan to withdraw roughly 30,000 troops from Iraq by next summer, with Sen.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Democratic presidential candidates on Wednesday criticized President Bush's plan to withdraw roughly 30,000 troops from Iraq by next summer, with Sen.
DHKP-C has been active for more than 30 years and espouses a Marxist-Leninist philosophy reminiscent of the Cold War.
Talks with the government hit a roadblock over three of his demands, which include bringing members of India's lower bureaucracy under the new watchdog.
The conviction on three counts of first-degree murder means Dr.
NATO-led forces have been battling Taliban fighters across Afghanistan and during the summer, U.S. and British forces launched major offensives against the militants in southern Helmand province.
NATO-led forces have been battling Taliban fighters across Afghanistan and during the summer, U.S. and British forces launched major offensives against the militants in southern Helmand province.
The body of Steven L.
They are among the confirmed dead or those not yet officially identified after a bus carrying dozens of California high school seniors was struck by a FedEx tractor trailer about 100 miles north of Sacramento on Thursday night, authorities said.
Serbia's minimum wage, at $1.36 an hour, is one of the lowest in Europe, and comes in below China, Malaysia and the Philippines.
Entry into the EU has raised fears the country's educated youth will flee to better economies within Europe.
Protests erupted last month after Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson's fatal shooting of unarmed 18-year-old Michael Brown.
With rising import prices due to a plummeting currency, Iran Inc. is also no longer able to compete.
After the Dutch, Scandinavians have the highest coffee consumption per capita in the world.
Pakistani Maj.
After announcing the arrest on Twitter, Boston police tweeted: "CAPTURED!!!
New York's 76 zoos, aquariums and botanical gardens will lose $9.1 million in state funds next year.
Zimbabwe's inflation rate of 231 million percent is the world's highest.
Boko Haram has stepped up suicide bombings, causing mass casualties in several northern states.
His resume included three major titles and 51 PGA Tour events -- putting him seventh on the U.S circuit's all-time list.
The video, which shows a man in a headscarf leaping off a car to attack another man in a parking lot, was filmed after the couple reportedly used a women-only cashier line at a supermarket in Riyadh.
Apple's competitors, including Samsung, will now need to steer clear of Apple's designs.
More than 15,000 foreign fighters, including 2,000 Westerners, have gone to Syria, a CIA source told CNN on Thursday.
CNN Latino targets the growing and diverse U.S.
"The U.S. market is so diverse and so large that there is room for two distinctive content options," said Hudson.
There is a company-wide initiative at CNN to produce more content for the U.S.
This will be CNN en Español's first attempt in creating an alternative programming block for broadcast Spanish-language TV geared toward the U.S.
Peterson's father, Nelson Peterson, told the St.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.
Do you know a hero?
He was so closely identified with the world of boxing that actor/director Sylvester Stallone tapped Neiman to appear in four of his "Rocky" movies.
Tokyo (CNN) -- Hong Kong suspended food and milk imports from five prefectures in Japan on Wednesday after radiation was detected in vegetable imports at the city's international airport.
The suspect is listed in critical condition at a hospital.
In Arizona last year, rescuers saved nearly a third of cardiac arrest victims who were considered "saveable" -- meaning that someone saw them collapse and their hearts still had at least faint electrical rhythms.
Washington (CNN) -- The Senate Judiciary Committee approved the bipartisan "Gang of Eight" immigration reform bill on Tuesday, sending the measure to the Senate floor for consideration and giving the bill's backers their first major legislative victory.
(CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored two penalties as Real Madrid beat ten-man Athletic Bilbao 4-1 to maintain their five-point lead over arch rivals Barcelona at the top of the Spanish league.
To make that happen, the National Park Service says it needs to start construction this November for a ribbon-cutting ceremony on September 11, 2011.
As it turns out, the company claims no ownership -- it says so right in the terms of service.
But a public file on any of Google's services could, in theory, end up in promotional materials.
Extraordinary photos obtained by CNN from someone directly involved in the Thai operation show refugees on their rickety boats being towed out to sea, cut loose and abandoned.
The supporting cast is so loaded with exceptional performances that to sing all their praises might seem like overkill.
As a doctorate student in the Biomechatronics Group, which looks at how technology can be used to enhance human physical capability, Sengeh has taken on the challenge to design the perfect fit for every prosthetic socket -- the interface between the body and the prosthetic limb, and a major source of discomfort for amputees.
The free-agent wide receiver tried to reschedule the October 24 hearing in order to attend an NFL workout to help secure a contract, his spokeswoman said Saturday night.
The sentencing phase of the trial is set for 10 a.m.
The Marie Colvin fund is intended to direct resources to support charities that her family says she would have supported.
Meanwhile, the English FA has charged three players with making alleged homophobic statements on social networking site Twitter.
After 43 years in Congress, New York Rep.
More than 80% of the sun will be blocked out during the apex, he said.
Sprint aims to ease the setup process with Sprint ID, a service launched this month for the carrier's new mid-range Android phones.
Sprint ID packs are free to download and install, but users are charged for premium content and features delivered through those packs.
(CNN) -- Wayne Rooney's injury time header gave Manchester United a 3-1 victory over city rivals Manchester City to put them through to the English League Cup final 4-3 on aggregate.
His parents never abandoned more orthodox treatments for his autism, and Rowan's applied behavioral analysis therapist has him studying math and English at the third-grade level -- a full year ahead of some of his peers.
He grabbed a camera and started filming on the spot.
In the last half of 2011, U.S. agencies asked Google to remove 6,192 individual pieces of content from its search results, blog posts or archives of online videos, according to the report.
Brian E.
Her father, President John F.
The event is widely expected to be the launch of the next iPhone, but in typically cryptic Apple fashion, the invitation reveals little about what will be announced.
There is no medicine or vaccine to specifically treat norovirus, but most people recover fully without treatment.
New York (CNN) -- A fast-food worker whose run-in with two unruly customers was captured on cell phone video last month will not be indicted on assault charges, prosecutors said Saturday.
(CNN) -- Soccer stars Zinedine Zidane and Kaka will take part in a charity match to help raise funds for the the victims of the Haiti earthquake.
Lt.
On Wednesday, Judge Susan Garsh will hear arguments and then decide whether the state can admit the jailhouse calls as evidence or if they will be barred.
(CNN) -- India tied the three-Test series with Sri Lanka after V.V.S.
The foreign ministry said it has requested that police tighten security at the embassy, which is located in an office building.
Key events of those years include some of the most traumatic in modern U.S. history, such as the Cuban Missile Crisis, the Bay of Pigs and the Mariel boatlift of 1980.
(CNN) -- As U.S.
The U.N.
Still, lawmakers have called for a forensic audit of the bank's finances in an effort to prevent a similar scandal to last year's massive fraud at the country's largest private lender, Kabul Bank.
But witnesses, human rights groups, officials of numerous governments and a U.N.
Clinton has promised to testify her next month before the before the Senate Foreign Relations and House Foreign Affairs committees about the findings of a scathing independent report that found "grossly inadequate security" and "systemic failures and leadership and management deficiencies" at the State Department.
Shepard Fairey pleaded guilty in February to criminal contempt of court for falsifying and destroying documents and coaching a witness while embroiled in a copyright infringement battle over his use of a now-famous image by The Associated Press that featured then-Sen.
In his civil complaint, Fairey claimed to have used a photo taken of Obama and actor George Clooney by an AP photographer in 2006, though he actually used a different AP image -- a close-up of the current president, prosecutors said.
"Weight changes or body composition changes may actually be a manifestation of disease, which would explain the obesity being an apparent protective factor," says Jeffrey M.
The goal of the initiative is to find ways to measure the progression of Alzheimer's and the precursor condition known as mild cognitive impairment.
A small, private ceremony was held at the actor's home in the islands in the West Indies on Saturday, according to publicists Rogers and Cowan.
Willis and Heming will have a civil ceremony when they return to California, the publicists said.
Their mother and Willis' first wife, actress Demi Moore and her husband, actor Ashton Kutcher, also attended the ceremony.
London (CNN) -- UK celebrity chef Nigella Lawson, whose private life hit the headlines when she testified about drug use last year, was prevented from boarding a flight from London to the United States, a U.S. official said Thursday.
(CNN) -- Edgar M.
President Bill Clinton awarded Bronfman the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1999.
In the last two decades, China's LGBT community has made huge gains in social acceptance.
California court rules require both sides to meet certain discovery requirements 30 days before a trial starts, which is Tuesday in the case of Dr.
As media, U.S.
Cordova was killed in the December 16 shootout that resulted in the death of Arturo Beltran Leyva, nicknamed the "boss of bosses," during a raid by a Mexican navy contingent at an upscale resort condo in Cuernavaca, Mexico.
Mai is the headline speaker at the Geneva Summit for Human Rights and Democracy on February 19.
J.K.
After three long days, the trio had recorded the nine acoustic tracks that make up "As I Call You Down" -- and called themselves Fistful of Mercy, after the track of the same name.
Catherine Greig is scheduled to be sentenced Tuesday in U.S.
Sen.
(CNN) -- The Rolling Stones performed an impromptu, warm-up gig at a small Paris club on Thursday night.
The band tweeted about the secret show just hours before they took the stage at La Trabendo, writing that 350 tickets were up for grabs at â‚¬15 a pop.
It's unclear how they were freed, but Erdogan thanked Turkish intelligence officials in a statement on his website.
"It's not a matter of how long we're in Iraq, it's if we succeed or not," McCain said to CNN's Larry King.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Republican presidential front-runner Sen.
The site is two blocks from where the World Trade Center stood before the September 11 terrorist attacks.
Critics of the center say it is an affront to survivors of the September 11 attacks.
"People have to see these.
America's largest Internet companies are tripping over themselves to bolster their public image following blockbuster disclosures about their role in the U.S. government's controversial data-gathering program.
Surgery and sobriety is a controversial topic, even among those in recovery.
Merrill Newman of Palo Alto, California, was pulled off a plane in Pyongyang.
North Korea has not publicly said why it is holding Newman.
The 2013 fertilizer plant blast that killed 15 people and wounded another 226 in West, Texas, "should never have occurred," the chairman of the U.S.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leonard I.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- As the U.S. military pursues charges against the Army sergeant accused of killing Afghan civilians in what commanders say was a freelance rampage, a new question has arisen: Who was victim No.
The best selling "The Fault in Our Stars" by John Green (and an EW Best Fiction of 2012 pick) tells the story of Gus and Hazel, two teenagers who meet in a cancer support group and fall in love.
London (CNN) -- Children's entertainer Rolf Harris was sentenced Friday to five years and nine months in prison for a string of indecent assaults against women and girls.
"Any same-sex couple that satisfies all the requirements for marriage under Missouri law, other than being of different sexes, is legally entitled to a marriage license," wrote Burlison, a St.
Democratic senators will hold short "pro forma" sessions over the holiday break to prevent recess appointments.
Some federal and local law enforcement groups view the domestic terror threat from sovereign citizen groups as equal to -- and in some cases greater than -- the threat from foreign Islamic terror groups, such as ISIS, that garner more public attention.â€‹
Tests on the hands of the two suspects have not revealed who may have fired the weapon.
But then Manley was told the car only went to those who hit a hole in one in the fourth and final round and he slumped to an 11 on his ensuing hole, the fourth.
(CNN) -- A Pennsylvania woman was arrested and charged Wednesday with endangering the welfare of a child after showing police a photo of her 2-year-old child duct-taped to a chair.
U.S. and British travel advisories on Egypt remain basically unchanged.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Edwin van der Sar claimed the all-time British record for minutes without conceding a goal during Manchester United's 1-0 win over West Ham on Sunday.
Admittedly, the restaurant's ambitions to connect with the city are very real if bluntly wielded -- earlier in the day, Rock & Brews had a luncheon to benefit the Wounded Warrior program, and during the presentation, two dismembered soldiers with Purple Hearts were presented with a $25,000 check.
Rock & Brews itself resembles a less-tacky Hard Rock CafÃ©, and if we were to call the menu fare "unpretentious," Simmons would likely be insulted that we used a four-syllable word.
King Solomon is known in the Old Testament for his wisdom and wealth and for building the First Temple in Jerusalem.
Utah Sen.
Utah Sen.
Meanwhile, China continued its dominance of the Asian Games it is hosting in Guangzhou on Saturday, extending its gold medal tally to 138.
Jerusalem (CNN) -- A number of Israelis and tourists entering the country at Ben Gurion Airport have had their new Apple iPads seized by customs officials.
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence and is listed as a terrorist group by the European Union and the United States.
The family of American photojournalist Luke Somers, who was held hostage and then killed by al Qaeda's affiliate in Yemen, did not know of U.S. efforts to rescue him until the terrorist group released a video of him pleading for his life last week, family members told CNN on Monday.
"Needless to say, I had a hard time trusting humans," Anderson said.
The measure passed in the House earlier this month by a vote of 216-198.
Under the U.S. plan, the approximately 3,400 residents of Ashraf would be temporarily relocated within Iraq, farther from the border with Iran, the official said.
The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation.
The Huangs deny charges of killing their daughter, who died in January last year.
Nava allegedly was called to the neighboring town of Iguala, in Guerrero state, and allegedly helped round up the 43 students and hand them over to a drug gang to be massacred, authorities said.
The bomber was either carrying the explosives in a bag or wearing a suicide vest, officials said.
Anthony faces seven counts in Caylee's death, including first-degree murder, aggravated child abuse and misleading investigators.
With iOS 8, coming this fall, Apple is borrowing features from popular messaging platforms like Snapchat and WhatsApp while unveiling some new tricks of its own.
Audio and video messages within iOS 8 will automatically vanish within a few minutes (Apple didn't say how many) unless you adjust your settings.
The E.U.
Bergdahl is resting and showing signs of improvement as he recovers at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany, according to Pentagon spokesman Col.
The film -- which focuses on the tumultuous time in the band's career 20 years ago -- shows how Bono, guitarist the Edge, drummer Larry Mullen Jr. and bassist Adam Clayton got back on track: After considerable infighting and "creative differences" while the four hunkered down at Hansa Studios in Berlin in 1990 to try to make an album, the song "One" finally and miraculously sprouted from the unfinished "Mysterious Ways."
There are other telling inclusions in the film, from footage of Bono getting angry in a dressing room after a Joshua Tree concert in 1987 (culled from Rattle and Hum director Phil Joanou's amazing leftovers) to candid, present-day sound-only interviews that Guggenheim was able to draw from each band member.
In addition to the tension, intensity and struggle that plays out in the film, there is a lot of levity too, including a satirical montage of bands that have imploded or lost members, references and demonstrations of Bono's unique gibberish singing, dubbed "Bongalese" and yes, the band in drag.
London (CNN) -- Whatever the literary merits of J.K.
China banned Falun Gong in 1999 and has cracked down on practitioners.
Google has championed its platform as the open alternative to Apple's closed iOS system.
Finally, Rubin emphatically denied other rumors of ARM-chipset standardization in the platform, much of which arose in the wake of an anonymously sourced DigiTimes story.
Forty percent of the fish harvested in the lower 48 states comes from the Gulf of Mexico.
The growing specter of a civil war in Syria clearly has policymakers worried.
TV viewers demand drama: If it can't be found, it's manufactured.
Building a company takes almost every minute of the day, leaving little time for a personal life.
(CNN) -- Billionaire hedge fund manager T.
U.S.
Once news of the Bush head hit the internet, HBO released this statement: "We were deeply dismayed to see this and find it unacceptable, disrespectful and in very bad taste.
As they have in the past, northeastern states dominated the top of the rankings, while states in the southeastern United States were clustered at the bottom.
The unmanned Dragon is carrying more than 1,200 pounds of supplies for the crew and the crew's experiments.
The Dragon suffered a temporary glitch with its thrusters after it launched into orbit Friday from Cape Canaveral, Florida.
Haitians have celebrated Carnival through dictatorships, military coups and bloodshed.
Now, the 16-year-old advocate for girls' education is a popular favorite for the Nobel Peace Prize to be awarded Friday.
"R.i.P bro.
South African Airways said it launched its own investigation involving the airline's security and the South African Police Service.
The average life expectancy is from 15 to 18 months after surgery, Morrison said.
Terry Jones, pastor of Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville, Florida, who was interviewed on CNN's "American Morning," said the congregation is taking seriously the warning from the U.S. military that the act could cause problems for American troops.
"Guardians of the Galaxy" took second place with $41.5 million, falling an expected 56 percent from its blockbuster debut.
Abu Dhabi has held five such auctions, selling 300 plates and raising an astonishing $56 million.
Late Saturday night, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg declined to hear a stay request filed by a consumer group opposing the merger.
The passenger group believes that a merger will result in higher fares and reduced choices for fliers.
The most-famous James Bond, Sean Connery, really set the bar high in movies like 1967's "You Only Live Twice," where Bond brought his spy skills to Japan to find a rocket that disappeared in orbit.
Perlitz was arrested Wednesday morning at his home in Colorado, but he had lived for years in Haiti, the Justice Department said in a news release.
The Justice Department said Perlitz used his position as director of the Project Pierre Toussaint in Haiti to manipulate and abuse the boys.
World No.
Sotheby's announced plans to auction 20 items that were owned by the couple in London in November.
Suu Kyi, 64, has one final avenue for appeal to a special court in Myanmar's new capital, Naypidaw.
Enough headlines have already told us that Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes died as a result of a freakish accident.
In February, Myanmar convened its first parliament in more than two decades in the capital, Naypyidaw.
Myanmar, also known as Burma, has been under military rule since 1962.
The president named 30 ministers and 39 deputy ministers to his government, according to state-run radio.
"Africa's diversity should be a source of strength, not a cause for division.
Davos, Switzerland (CNN) -- LeWeb founder Loic Le Meur is looking to "digital hippies" as a potential theme for his next conference.
Le Meur is seeing a trend of entrepreneurs who reject money, fame and power -- they just want to be happy.
Digital hippies are not the only trend on his radar.
(CNN) -- A U.N.
The annual CoolBrands Top 20 ranking is based on a survey of independent influencers and over 2,000 British consumers.
"He's been a champion at two, three and four.
Frankel will now be retired to stud, where he has been conservatively valued at Â£100 million ($160 million) as a stallion.
According to Air France CEO Pierre-Henri Gourgeon, the Airbus A330-200 encountered heavy turbulence about 02:15 a.m.
State economist Neal Fried says Alaska is often isolated from national economic trends because its economy is so different: manufacturing is for the most part limited to seafood processing, and the economy is built mostly around the energy sector and federal spending on the military and other government installations.
In a sign of how important Republicans are taking their new responsibilities, House and Senate Republicans will huddle in a rare joint retreat in Hershey, Pennsylvania in mid-January to finalize and unite around their strategies for 2015.
Allegations against the Japanese camera and medical equipment maker came to light after the October dismissal of former President Michael Woodford -- a rare foreign chief executive in corporate Japan -- after he questioned ex-board members about dubious transactions at the center of the case.
Wisconsin is confronted with a looming $137 million shortfall at the end of the fiscal year, June 30, and faces a $3.6 billion budget gap by 2013.
The decline in animals living in rivers, lakes and wetlands is the worst -- 76% of freshwater wildlife disappeared in just 40 years.
The World Wide Fund for Nature's Living Planet Index, released Tuesday, revealed the dramatic decline in animal species, and said the trend could cost the world billions in economic losses.
But Price said never thought of Lt.
Over 6,000 candidates ran for 438 seats in the Parliament.
(RollingStone.com) -- Britney Spears announced today that her new album, due March 15, is titled "Femme Fatale" -- but the superstar singer and her Los Angeles producers are still choosing songs and determining the final direction of the overall sound.
Top 40 radio stations continue to spin "Hold It Against Me" in regular rotation.
"ER" alum Mekhi Phifer is set to join the cast as an FBI agent for two episodes this season, starting Thursday.
President Barack Obama will nominate Bob McDonald -- a West Point graduate and former CEO of Procter & Gamble -- to head the Department of Veterans Affairs, a White House official told CNN on Sunday.
Jackson died at age 50 on June 25, 2009, while preparing for his "This Is It" comeback tour.
By Monday, the death toll from nearly a week of Israeli airstrikes on Gaza had reached 186 -- all of them Palestinians -- with at least 1,390 wounded, according to Palestinian health authorities.
Next year's NASA budget is poised to force premature cancellation of either Curiosity or Cassini -- the agency's flagship missions.
(Time) -- No, "six strikes" isn't a phrase from some esoteric version of baseball played on Mars — it's a colloquialism for a new anti-piracy warning system designed to track copyright infringers and help internet service providers (ISPs) take progressively punitive measures to discourage or prevent said infringers from engaging in further copyright-violating activities.
In a news release Friday, the Turkish military said warplanes and artillery pounded more than 100 targets in rugged mountains of northern Iraq where fighters of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) have long been active.
"Celebration Day" is "almost like being onstage with us," Jones says.
Markoff is suspected of killing a 25-year-old masseuse he met through Craigslist at a Boston hotel.
Retired Navy Capt.
Since 2005, Nicholson's program has grown to more than 50 locations nationwide with "more to come," he says.
The money will enable U.N. organizations, international partners and NGOs to partner with the Pakistani government to address emergency needs of flood-affected families, Holmes says.
A statement from Holloman Air Force Base, near Alamogordo, New Mexico, confirmed that the airman was based there, and identified him as Staff Sgt.
FBI Special Agent Scott Garriola believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking -- crossing the border with falsified documents.
Former U.S.
Do you know a hero?
The whole country is moving to 4G -- next generation wireless -- and according to some carriers, this is our chance to beat the world in broadband.
Arsenal stayed in touch at the top with a 4-1 rout of 10-man Bolton at the Emirates stadium in North London, with summer signings Laurent Koscielny and Marouane Chamakh both getting on the scoresheet for Arsene Wenger's side.
(CNN) -- A doctor at a top New York hospital is accused of using a small "pen" camera clipped to a newspaper to record video up a woman's skirt on a Manhattan subway line, authorities said Friday.
Urologist Adam Levinson, 39, has been charged with unlawful surveillance in the second degree after being arraigned Thursday.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Phillip and Nancy Garrido pleaded guilty Thursday to the kidnapping and sexual assault of Jaycee Dugard, whom they held captive from age 11 through 29, the El Dorado County, California, district attorney said.
"The didnt even have my album in the back ... not on shelves, saw for myself," he tweeted.
Hip-hop artists LL Cool J and T.I. joined Jackman for an unconventional performance of "Rock Island."
Balad Ruz is a mixed town of Arab, Kurd and Turkmen residents, located in Diyala province.
Washington (CNN) -- Sen.
Lashawn Marten has been charged with three counts of assault, one of them a felony.
Quite possibly the town of Bristol, Connecticut, which is apparently so isolated and dull that it drives ESPN execs who work there to all sorts of boorish behavior.
The authors talked to more than 550 people and cover an amazing amount of ground.
The book offers a nuanced look at ESPN, does some top-notch TV-biz reporting on the early days of the cable industry, and offers compelling behind-the-scenes stories about a number of big events (ESPN's botched takeover of Monday Night Football, the creation of the X Games, the Rush Limbaugh-Donovan McNabb blowup).
Amy Walter of the Cook Political Report says her analysis suggests Republicans cannot count on a big midterm wave this year -- like the one they enjoyed in 2010 or the one Democrats rode to midterm gains in 2006.
Authorities found about 150 kilograms (330 pounds) of explosives near the church on Thursday, said Boy Rafli Amar, the national police spokesman.
Fireworks lit up the sky over London's River Thames as the clock struck midnight -- one of many festivities worldwide.
She has had a number of highly publicized run-ins with the French athletics authorities, and is renowned for her obsession with privacy (she has been dubbed "the Greta Garbo of athletics").
(CNN) -- Fabio Capello's England were held to a disappointing goalless draw by Algeria in their World Cup Group C clash in Cape Town on Friday night.
U.S.
"You could hear what sounded like pops, gunshots," she told CNN late Friday.
Nadal quickly followed as he went down in straight sets 7-6 6-4 to his fellow Spaniard Feliciano Lopez in their quarterfinal clash.
FOUNTAIN HILLS, Arizona (CNN) -- A team of doctors from the Mayo Clinic declared Friday that there appears to be no physical reason why Sen.
McCain, a two-pack-a-day smoker for 25 years, quit in 1980.
FBI Special Agent Scott Garriola believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking -- crossing the border with falsified documents.
The 30-meter-high "Scary Hill" (Tel Moreeb in Arabic) earns its name thanks to the dizzyingly 50-degree steep slope.
Their new single "Are You Ready?" is out now and they're currently hard at work on the full album, giving little sneak peeks along the way.
The airstrike is the latest in a series of attacks this week.
Shell insists it is "committed to cleaning up all spills from its facilities" and blames saboteurs who steal oil from its pipelines for much of the environmental damage.
In London on Tuesday, Texas Gov.
They also met with Dr.
Seventy bags of soil, one from each of the Commonwealth War Grave cemeteries and battlefields in Flanders, Belgium, have arrived in London on a Belgian Navy frigate, where they will form part of a memorial garden to remember those who died in the bloodshed of World War I.
In 2012, Moonpig generated 1.5 million downloads of its mobile app contributing to Photobox's double-growth and Â£147.5 million in revenue, according to company's annual earnings report.
Mazen Abdul Jawad appeared last week on a show on Lebanese channel LBC, where he went into "graphic details about his sexual conquests," according to Arab News, an English daily.
In deeply conservative Saudi Arabia, pre-marital sex is illegal and unrelated men and women are not allowed to mingle.
Espinosa, who works for the Spanish daily El Mundo, was one of four journalists who escaped this week from Baba Amr, a neighborhood of about five square miles that was shelled for 26 consecutive days before Syrian forces began an assault.
There was no immediate response from the Bahraini government to the claims, nor was there a mention of such clashes in the state-run Bahrain News Agency.
Negotiations to extend the deadline broke down in October after Baghdad's political leaders refused to grant U.S. troops immunity from Iraqi prosecution, a move that Washington leaders said was unacceptable.
The company says the hold on shipments of its popular Land Cruiser, and other cars and trucks is indefinite at this point.
Andrew Fryberg, 15, was hospitalized after the October 24 shooting in the cafeteria of Marysville Pilchuck High School.
SANTA CRUZ, Bolivia (CNN) -- Bolivian President Evo Morales on Monday accused a U.S.
New Jersey lawmakers approved same-sex marriage this month, but Gov.
Mandela was born in 1918 in the South African village Qunu.
Merkel said she supports the two-state solution to the Mideast conflict, discussed last November by the key parties in Annapolis, Maryland.
Children born to single parents face much longer odds in life than children born to married parents.
Biden, 41, was elected as Delaware's attorney general in 2006.
Corruption and violence are high in Guatemala, according to the United Nations, which created a committee in 2006 to investigate those issues there.
Referenda putting abortion on the ballot have been tried on the state level.
But what Albuquerque did Tuesday night makes it unique among cities.
With all 50 centers counted, 45% of voters were for it and 55% against it, according to the New Mexico secretary of state website.
CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN) -- The funeral of a Chicago teenager whose beating death was caught on video was attended Saturday by scores of family members, officials and community leaders, including the Rev.
Are you a first-generation American?
(CNN) -- U.S.
El-Sisi won 96% of the vote in last month's presidential election for a four-year term.
Oscar Pereiro of Spain inherited the 2006 title after Landis was disqualified.
Taj Jackson identified one as the handwriting of Paris, who was 11 when her father died: "Dear Daddy, I love you so much & I'm so glad I got a goodnight hug.
More and more, Twitter is becoming a kind of online comment box, a place for fans and customers to weigh in with their myriad opinions.
Kodak turned the material over to the government in 2007, under heavy security.
Hyatt: Nearly all North American properties have "low-flow" showerheads (which use a maximum of 2.5 gallons of water per minute) and toilets (1.6 gallons of water per flush).
It is the first arrest warrant ever issued for a sitting head of state by the world's only permanent war crimes tribunal.
Rio de Janeiro state officials are also giving away 3 million free condoms.
But Gen.
Video of the incident showed rioters hurling glass bottles and other debris at security teams in Haren, which is located 115 miles (185 kilometers) northeast of Amsterdam and is home to about 20,000 residents.
At least 36 people were injured, including one police officer, according to police spokesman Paul Haedanus.
With relatives packed shoulder to shoulder in the two rows closest to the jury, Dr.
Apple said basically the same thing in a recent post on its website and suggested that iPhone users angle the camera or shield the lens with their hand to keep bright light from shining into photos taken with the phone.
It's the rare album that tries to be everything to everyone and largely succeeds.
Like his mentor Usher, Bieber fully embraces both Ibiza beats (see dubsteppy bangers ''All Around the World'' and ''Take You'') and urban swagger (Drake and Nicki Minaj each drop by).
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Authorities are investigating reports that disabled children in India were buried up to their necks during this week's solar eclipse as a supposed remedy for their handicaps.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- A suspected U.S.
Of the highway town trio, Alpine is the busy one, where outliers visit for dry cleaning, a pharmacy, an Amtrak pickup station or the largest grocery.
Apple wouldn't comment on how many iPad Minis were pre-ordered.
(CNN) -- Rebel attacks north of Goma in the Democratic Republic of Congo prompted thousands more civilians to flee Tuesday, and U.N. officials said a U.N.
London, England (CNN) -- Sherlock Holmes the movie has already made more than $300 million at the box office worldwide and British tourism officials are hoping it means money for them too.
Despite repeated attempts, CNN was unable to reach Saudi Arabia's Justice Ministry or Interior Ministry for comment.
"The hospital doesn't know what Mr.
No illnesses have been reported in relation to the recall.
News of Cannavaro's return comes less than 24 hours after the Turin-based club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri and replaced him with former player and youth coach Ciro Ferrara.
More recently, Chinery-Hesse who is often described as '"Africa's Bill Gates," embarked on a mission to spark an entrepreneurial revolution in Africa by bringing e-commerce to the most remote corners of the continent.
(CNN) -- Lance Armstrong's Radio Shack team has been involved in a doping case after Chinese rider Fuyu Li tested positive for the banned substance Clenbuterol.
The 2012 F1 season will get underway with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne on March 18.
United Nations (CNN) -- Jubilant Libyan rebels in Benghazi erupted with fireworks and gunfire after the U.N.
Original members of the group -- including Lindsey Buckingham, Mick Fleetwood, John McVie and Stevie Nicks -- returned to touring last April after a three-year break from the road.
Most U.S.
Fresh or frozen, strawberries are a leading source of vitamin C, but let's face it: The texture of frozen strawberries leaves something to be desired.
(CNN) -- The driver of a large motor coach that crashed in Oregon late last month, killing nine and injuring 39, had worked 92 hours in the seven days leading up to the crash, far exceeding the 70 hours allowed, according to the U.S.
Orange County District Attorney Jim Woodall told CNN that he's thinking about withdrawing fraud charges against ex-UNC professor Julius Nyang'oro.
(CNN) -- Barcelona midfielder Alexander Hleb has turned down a move to Inter Milan in favor of returning to Bundesliga club Stuttgart on loan for the season.
Flight 788 was en route from San Francisco to Boston when it was forced to divert to Eppley Airfield with a fuel leak in the right engine, said Joe Rotterdam, an operation supervisor for the airport.
Rep.
Now Red teams up with her Granny (Glenn Close) to look into the abduction of Hansel and Gretel.
Even with SNL's infinitely inventive Bill Hader and Amy Poehler in the H&G vocal roles, the movie can't be saved from its own vices of manic pacing and tediously pro forma pop culture jokes.
Even with SNL's infinitely inventive Bill Hader and Amy Poehler in the H&G vocal roles, the movie can't be saved from its own vices of manic pacing and tediously pro forma pop culture jokes.
A key component of "It's On Us" will be to engage college-age men in the prevention process, White House officials told reporters.
(CNN) -- A group of chemical weapons inspectors are taking the world closer to peace in the middle of a raging war that they cannot stop.
He is wanted on suspicion of abduction with the intent to defile, Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters Tuesday.
A 2009 U.N. report accused Kenyan police of misusing its power, and called for the removal of the nation's police commissioner at the time.
"I didn't think he was going to make it," Senk added.
The average tantrum lasts about three minutes, according to Potegal's research.
Kids from about 18 months to 4 years are simply hardwired to misbehave, he says.
They were on the lookout for abnormally high concentrations of radioactivity -- a telltale sign of an improvised nuclear device or a radiological dispersal device, more familiarly known as a dirty bomb.
Dr.
The World No.
Veteran midfielder Ryan Giggs put United ahead in the 17th minute at City's Eastlands Stadium with his first goal in a Manchester derby since 1996, but Tevez leveled from the penalty spot three minutes before halftime and headed the winner in the 65th minute.
(CNN) -- A woman who has been in a vegetative state for nearly 17 years was transferred to a private clinic Tuesday where she is expected to die -- ending what has been a lengthy and controversial legal fight.
The U.N. said in the document that it "recognizes the global and open nature of the Internet as a driving force in accelerating progress."
The memo maintains that the campaign must remain humble, disciplined and united, something voters in Iowa and others states have said Clinton did not do in 2008.
In the past few weeks, Houthi rebels have taken control of Yemen's capital, pushing the country ever closer to "failed state" status and giving the al Qaeda franchise there -- al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP -- a greater foothold.
The 27-year-old -- who holds Bahraini and Danish citizenship -- is one of the most visible figures speaking out against Bahrain's government.
It would appear that Erdogan views such "accidents" as unfortunate but unavoidable side effects of Turkey's rise as a regional power under his leadership.
Alfa Demmellash helps low-income entrepreneurs in New Jersey start or grow their businesses.
The bus was traveling from New York's Chinatown to Philadelphia.
But Clinton's supporters are anticipating the onslaught of foreign policy-related attacks.
He said he added it to his food to make it taste better and to improve his business, the Huashangbao paper reported.
The operation was first run out of Costa Rica, and then from Panama City, Panama, according to the indictment.
"We do not expect an arsonist to be a firefighter," al-Assad told the newspaper.
The nation hosts about 14,000 fireworks shows each Independence Day, according to the association, and the majority of shows will prevail because communities "realize the importance of continuing this annual tradition of providing their citizens with free entertainment to celebrate our freedom and independence," Julie Heckman, the group's director, said in a statement.
That's not a bad thing; as we reported in our original reviews of Tweetie 2 and Tweetie 2.1, Tweetie is one of the best Twitter experiences for any platform and, in our opinion, was the winning app on the iPhone by a wide margin.
In addition to being free, the app now carries the distinction of being "version 3.0."
Photographer Matjaz Krivic's "Somewhere Under the Rainbow" series was shot over 19 years at Rainbow Gatherings in various countries.
(CNN) -- Rap star T.I.
Fighting has forced about 250,000 Somalis out of their homes in Mogadishu since May and many of the displaced have sought refuge west of the capital in the Afgooye corridor, the U.N. agency said.
(CNN) -- Much of the war crimes trial of former Liberian president Charles Taylor focused on the role played by so-called "conflict diamonds" in funding rebels in conflict areas.
Conflict or "blood" diamonds are illegally traded to fund conflict in war-torn areas, particularly in central and western Africa, according to the World Diamond council, which represents the commercial diamond trade.
For New Yorkers or hip-hop fans (of which this critic is both), the film offers frequent bits of interest, humor and musical delight and is certainly a pleasant way to spend 98 minutes.
(CNN) -- A federal judge on Tuesday dismissed a lawsuit challenging Alaska Sen.
The vaccine was approved using an accelerated approval process, the FDA said.
The Middle East's richest man is Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud, the 51 year old Saudi who has an estimated net worth of $21bn.
The travel booking site released Monday the second part of its "Future of Travel" report which looks at what travel journeys will look like in 2024.
A mistake from goalkeeper Waleed Abdullah sealed Saudi Arabia's fate, as the kingdom slumped to their second successive defeat following their surprise 2-1 loss to Syria on Sunday.
Although some of you may be hesitant about location-sharing, if you're smart about it (i.e. only letting friends follow you on Foursquare, having a closed Twitter account and Facebook profile, etc.), Foursquare and the like can be great for sharing your experiences with your friends.
Sunday's violence is the deadliest soccer-related violence in Egypt since a 2012 stampede left more than 70 people dead and 1,000 injured at a match in the city of Port Said.
Now Dr.
The CPSC says public website complaints about a harmful product or risk have led to recalls.
JetBlue Airways is celebrating its 10th birthday with a $10 one-day fare sale Monday on flights from New York to the airline's original 10 destinations.
Hartwell was sentenced to five years in prison and ordered to serve a lifetime of supervised parole by a federal judge in Texas in March 2010 after he was found guilty of failing to register as a sex offender, according to a U.S.
As World War I rages in Europe, fresh U.S.
Local news reports have quoted Barakzai as saying that the commission is unduly influenced by foreigners and that it has not included him in the decision-making process.
Anti-abortion protesters plan demonstrations this weekend outside Dr.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Eating a box of Girl Scout Cookies in one sitting will be a little bit easier this year: The Girl Scouts of the USA confirmed Wednesday that it has reduced the number of cookies per box to save money because of rising transportation and baking costs.
Do you know a hero?
In 2011, Iran twice announced plans to send ships toward the U.S. maritime borders.
It's an ignominious exit for a title that was once touted as the first great game franchise of the 21st century.
The series also felt like it was running out of great rock anthems for users to emulate.
"Guitar Hero" was created in 2005 by indie studio RedOctane, in collaboration with Harmonix, which had previously found success with the "Karaoke Revolution" franchise.
In Sunday's other matches, Jonathan Biabiany scored twice as Parma drew 2-2 away to Genoa to keep hold of fourth in the table.
Anna Nicole Smith's boyfriend Howard K.
Former Navy Lt.
In Argentina, police arrested former Navy Capt.
Army Spc.
Suzanne Collins is the mastermind behind "The Hunger Games" trilogy, which has been gaining momentum over the last few months for both its suspenseful plot and overarching message about society.
The plot revolves around a dystopian society where punishment for a previous rebellion has resulted in a televised event.
One boy and one girl between the ages of 12 and 18 from each district (there are 12 total) are selected at random and forced to participate in the Hunger Games, where "tributes" must fight to the death until only one is left standing.
The 11-mile-long stretch is the first new South Bronx waterfront park in over 60 years and provides alternative transport, recreational space, jobs and environmental enhancements to the local community.
Hwang Jae-yeong and Jeon Jin-woo drove in two runs apiece and Choi Hae-chan hit a solo home run.
A well-placed U.S. official who would not speak on the record said the other two wives are from Saudi Arabia.
George Obama was arrested in Kenya on suspicion of marijuana possession, according to police.
Before the meeting, police forcibly removed some protesters that were lined up outside of the building where Calderon would speak.
Months after a secret e-mail search controversy at Harvard College, Evelynn M.
Rousey used her signature armbar move to force Carmouche to submit late in the first round.
Savage: I was here to see if I could find any evidence of George W.
Analysts are predicting a smooth political transition despite the many challenges facing Saudi Arabia, including Iran, the rise of ISIS, the crisis in Yemen, and the drop in oil prices.
The U.S. now need to win two rubbers in their match against Britain's Andy Murray and Laura Robson to guarantee their participation in Saturday's final.
Said Yousif al-Muhafda is accused of disseminating false information about clashes between security forces and protesters in the country's capital, the state-run Bahrain News Agency said Thursday.
The activist's attorney says he was observing the demonstration, not participating.
The U.S.
A U.S.
Since 2006, Ivory has helped provide more than 500 mammograms to eligible women.
The Episcopal Church, the U.S.
The initial report did not name the doctor or doctors who performed the procedures.
Rivers, 81, died September 4, a week after an appointment at Manhattan's Yorkville Endoscopy clinic.
Acceptance of balut often depends on exposure at a young age, much like Vegemite in Australia.
Duley faces two counts of murder in the deaths of her two sons, 1-year-old Ja'van Duley and 2-year-old Devean Duley.
Owusu is the founder of the Entire Village Computers Organization (EVCO), a Washington-based charitable organization that donates reconditioned old computers and accessories from the developed world and delivers them to those schools in need in the developing world.
While many parents worry whether their vegetarian or vegan children will receive adequate nutrition for their growing bodies, the American Dietetic Association says such diets, as long as they are well-planned, are appropriate for all phases of life, including childhood and adolescence.
Though not necessarily an Oscar indicator, getting picked by the Independent Spirit Awards -- which are open to American films with budgets below $20 million -- doesn't hurt in creating awards season buzz, and many do go on to win the big trophy.
In testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee, Panetta had an exchange with Sen.
Beckham is due to return to AC Milan in January for another loan spell as he bids to secure a place in England's World Cup squad for next year's finals in South Africa.
TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- Japanese scientists have produced clones of mice that have been dead and frozen for 16 years -- a feat that could lead researchers to one day resurrect long-extinct species, such as the mammoth.
Researchers at the Riken Center for Developmental Biology in Kobe, Japan, used cells from mice that had been frozen for 16 years at -20 Celsius (-4 degrees Fahrenheit).
Jared Loughner, 23, is accused of wounding Giffords and 12 others, and killing six people, in the shooting at a meet-and-greet event for the congresswoman outside a Tucson shopping center in January.
Washington (CNN) -- Sen.
Kenyan anti-terror police picked up Abdullah Ibrahim el-Faisal days ago after he passed into the country unnoticed, police spokesman Eric Kiraithe told CNN on Tuesday.
El-Faisal was sentenced in London to nine years in prison in March 2003 for inciting others to commit murder and for stirring racial hatred.
He was paroled in 2007 after serving half his sentence and deported to Jamaica, according to British news reports.
The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints openly practices polygamy on the YFZ Ranch, as well as in the twin border towns of Hildale, Utah, and Colorado City, Arizona.
Winfield originally faced five charges including murdering three Afghan civilians, but Friday accepted a plea agreement with prosecutors to plead guilty to lesser charges and agree to testify against other soldiers in the case.
Raw chicken products from Foster Farms plants have been identified as the likely source of this outbreak of Salmonella Heidelberg.
(CNN) -- Australia shocked Germany 2-1 in their friendly international in Moenchengladbach on Tuesday, a result that saw the Socceroos gain some revenge for their 4-0 defeat by the Germans in South Africa 2010.
Meanwhile, Dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen after tracking the pirates to their "mother ship" in the western Gulf of Aden on Saturday, a NATO maritime spokesman said.
"I feel Iran needs to resolve this now.
"My breasts have never defined me -- and now they never will," she said.
New York (CNN) -- Sgt.
Mayweather was sentenced to a 90-day prison term after being found of domestic violence, however a judge in Nevada ruled last week that the Mayweather could postpone reporting to jail until June because he had already lined up a fight date in May.
Meyer was a studio assistant for Johns for more than 25 years and was responsible for maintaining a drawer of unfinished works.
All 10 were charged with trying to take 33 children out of Haiti without any legal authorization after a magnitude-7.0 earthquake devastated the country on January 12.
(CNN) -- Florida Gov.
Concern about the H1N1 virus grew after it spread quickly around the globe earlier this year.
Patients will be monitored two months for safety issues, followed by a four-month and six-month checkup.
Meanwhile, Manchester City's Germany international defender Jerome Boateng has revealed that he has agreed terms to join Bayern Munich on a four-year contract, although the two clubs have not settled on a transfer fee.
Facebook's Introducing Timeline page walks new users through the new features, such as covers, stories and app integration.
It has launched a Japanese version of its official website -- the first in a non-European language following French, German and Spanish ones.
AAA reports that the true annual cost of owning and operating a car is $9,369.
Ecologically sensitive burial methods have risen in popularity as of late, thanks much in part to the shaky economic climate.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy M.
In the second camp, it's a good bet that you'll find Texas Gov.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The U.S. expects the level of violence in Iraq to rise as it goes ahead with its planned withdrawal of troops from Iraqi cities by June 30, the Pentagon said Wednesday.
There appears to be no direct evidence that politics motivated Jared Lee Loughner, the man accused of killing six people and wounding 13 -- including Rep.
Emergency crews responding to the scene transported the infant to a local hospital, where he was found to be unharmed.
The process of reporting applications and deaths also varies by state.
June 1997 - The U.S.
The U.S.
Once you start chipping away at your self-worth, it's a short step to becoming a victim.
One news report says that Westin, 58, had a long-running feud with parent company Disney over making the division more profitable.
Though ABC News has made significant gains over the last year -- Diane Sawyer has maintained respectable ratings on World News while Nightline has managed to flourish in late night opposite the talk shows -- it continues to rank No.
A person wearing a Proto 2 could conceivably play the piano.
(CNN) -- On Wednesday, Arizona Gov.
A federal agency, yet to be appointed, would create the messages and information that would go to the participating cell phone companies, an FCC spokesman said.
T-Mobile, Verizon, Sprint Nextel and AT&T all stated that they would be likely to opt into the alert system if it is passed by the FCC.
Subscribers would be able to opt out of receiving the messages, according to the current plan, and carriers would be required to provide vibration or audio attention signals with a distinct sound for people with disabilities.
Sen.
Turf battles between the rival cartels have become common in northern Mexico.
It was not immediately known how many bodies might be buried at the site, Thornton said, but authorities are reassuring the public there is no cause for concern.
Hailey, Idaho (CNN) -- No one here knew exactly where he was or what he was going through, but this tiny city in Idaho never forgot about Sgt.
Looking fresh in Las Vegas at the opening of The Mirage Resort and Casino's Kardashian Khaos lifestyle boutique, Kardashian, 31, said she learned a lot of lessons in the past year and plans on being "a new me" in 2012.
The light is technically from 380,000 years after the Big Bang, but that's still infancy when you consider that, according to the new data, the age of the universe is about 13.8 billion years.
The internal strife within the rebel movement comes as the State Department prepares to hand over the Libyan embassy to the TNC as the recognized government of Libya, according to U.S. officials.
Following the news, South Carolina Sen.
Following the news, South Carolina Sen.
Kerry praised a handful of countries for their contributions to the effort, including Cuba -- a historical foe of the U.S, that more often finds itself under criticism by the State Department.
Members of the predominately Orthodox Jewish Englewood community are less than enthused about a visit from a leader who has made anti-Zionist statements in the past.
Whooping cranes are the most endangered of all of the world's crane species, according to the release, and are protected under two federal laws.
Heavy rain in January unleashed mudslides that cut off roads and blocked a rail line between Machu Picchu and the nearby city of Cusco.
(CNN) -- Costa Rican President Oscar Arias has been diagnosed with the H1N1 virus, commonly known as the swine flu, the government said in a televised statement on Tuesday.
Legal reform itself has a role to play in breaking through the glass ceiling of corruption toward achieving the rule of law.
(CNN) -- Sen.
The Grammys are typically the second most popular awards show of the year behind the Academy Awards.
A North Korean foreign ministry spokesman dismissed U.S. calls for talks as "nothing but a crafty ploy" to deflect blame for the rising tensions, in a statement published by KCNA Tuesday.
Some 8,000 auto-rickshaw drivers will be enrolled in the training program that will involve classes in yoga, life skills, first aid, spoken English and psychometric tests, federal Tourism Secretary Sujit Banerjee announced Tuesday.
But Shanghai men are well-known for taking care of this for their women."
There have been longstanding tensions between Muslims and Copts in Egypt, and 13 Copts were killed in sectarian clashes last Tuesday.
In world title action Sunday, Japan's Koki Kameda won the vacant World Boxing Association (WBA) bantamweight title by beating Alexander Munoz of Venezuela by a unanimous decision.
It is unclear whether the attacker is an Afghan soldier or an infiltrator wearing the uniform.
The problem of Afghan troops who have turned their weapons on allied forces -- so-called green on blue attacks -- has intensified this year.
Richardson has had minor roles in TV series including "The Walking Dead" and "The Vampire Diaries."
The passengers are being taken to Kugluktuk, a small town on the shore of the Arctic Ocean, where accommodations have been arranged by the cruise ship company, said Nichols.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, is unlikely to close by the Obama administration's deadline of January 2010, two senior administration officials said late Friday.
A device called the Fiend's Caldron allows players to spend hearts to adjust the difficulty.
"Kid Icarus: Uprising" is available now and only for the Nintendo 3DS.
That's the message from the 2014 U.S.
"They were engaged in suspicious activities, collecting war debris," it said.
Guiry, 31, faces a felony charge of assault against a public servant in the Saturday incident, according to Houston Police spokesman John Cannon.
United Airlines employees called police after they refused to let Guiry board Saturday, Cannon said.
The destruction of the plant's cooling tower is part of an agreement with the United States aimed at denuclearizing the Korean peninsula in exchange for loosening some restrictions on the highly secretive Communist country.
(CNN) -- Goals from Manucho and Flavio gave hosts Angola a welcome boost as they moved top of Africa Cup of Nations Group A with a 2-0 victory over Malawi on Thursday.
Naim and his two sons were among the survivors of the March 11, 2012, rampage that military prosecutors allege was carried out by Army Staff Sgt.
Verveer also pointed out that the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has not appointed any female governors, and said some conservative and political forces are calling for a rollback on women's rights in the more open political environment.
Tumors in this population tend to be slow-growing and asymptomatic, so early detection may carry more risks than benefits, the panel concluded.
J.K.
U.S. and EU officials announced sanctions on more than two dozen Russian officials and their allies in the region, which Russian-backed forces seized three weeks ago.
(CNN) -- Hillsborough County, Florida, Deputy Kenneth Moon was alone at his station at a county jail facility near Tampa when an inmate attacked him with no warning.
Washington (CNN) -- The message from President John F.
The Chinese team beat African champions Al Ahly in Saturday's quarter final to set up the semifinal clash with Bayern, whose form under Guardiola has been frighteningly good.
Two Qassam rockets were fired Friday morning from Gaza into separate Israeli communities, the Israel Defense Forces said.
The following week will see the premiere of the show's all-Britney Spears episode, which will include performances of five Spears songs -- although for now, no one's saying which ones.
Each year, thousands of wild animals fall victim to human encroachment, poaching and the illegal pet trade.
The 26 members of Congress urged Obama to toughen airport screenings, ban citizens of impacted West African countries from traveling to the U.S. and consider quarantining travelers who have recently traveled to those countries.
UNITED NATIONS (CNN) -- The 15th anniversary of the genocide in Rwanda brought American U.N.
In fact, a new CNN poll released earlier this week found that Congress has only a 10% approval rating.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
"The RNC rejects these kinds of campaign tactics," Duncan said in a statement.
Conson is forecast to move through the Gulf of Tonkin on Saturday, making a final landfall in northern Vietnam, near Hanoi, in the afternoon, according to CNN World Weather.
Africanized honey bees, known colloquially as "killer bees," are believed to have entered Texas in 1990 and have since spread to at least 10 other states, from California to Florida.
The Pentagon wants to buy more than 2,400 of the technologically advanced aircraft.
There's a little too much throwing stuff at a wall (the florid Spanish house track, the Serge Gainsbourg tribute) and, oddly, their bailiwick synth-rock sometimes feels theatrically heavy-handed, more Killers than Parallel Lines.
(CNN) -- World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) president John Fahey has told CNN he doesn't think Novak Djokovic "has the faintest idea" what his organization does after the former world No.
His three-decades-long acting résumé shows the diversity of his talent.
The group is known to use gunmen on motorbikes to kill.
The medal, known as Sitara-e- jurrat, or star of courage, is the third highest military award in Pakistan and is not normally given to civilians.
Open to U.S.
Open to U.S.
(EW.com) -- ABC's "The Bachelor" closed its season with a finale that posted ratings gains over last year.
The gain isn't surprising considering "The Bachelor's" whole 17th season run was stronger than last year's edition.
He is also an Islamist figure who has argued for barring women from the Egyptian presidency and called Israeli leaders "vampires" and "killers."
In October, Fedotowsky downplayed rumors that their relationship was on the rocks, telling PEOPLE there were other reasons for putting their wedding plans on hold.
Two American women have reportedly been arrested for carving their initials into a wall with a coin inside Rome's Colosseum.
(CNN) -- Former President George H.W.
Bush, a Republican, served as the nation's 41st president and is the father of the 43rd president, George W.
The result sees Nigeria move up to second place in the table with four points from their two games, two points behind leaders Tunisia who beat Mozambique 2-0 on Saturday to have maximum points from their two matches.
(CNN) -- Australia is emerging from the grip of its strongest La Nina weather pattern on record -- a meteorological event that brings either devastating floods or, in the case of its counterpart El Nino, scorching droughts.
New York (CNN) -- A carpenter whose former Manhattan basement is the scene of an exhaustive search for clues about Etan Patz said Friday through his lawyer that he had no involvement in the 6-year-old boy's disappearance more than three decades ago.
Minnesota Gov.
Dallas Police Department Senior Cpl.
The Badjao are a tribe of nomadic sea dwellers who have lived off the shore of northeast Borneo for more than 200 years.
T.J.
Nightclub infernos have claimed hundreds of lives over the years.
Gov.
(CNN) -- Three-time defending champion Rafael Nadal made light work of his heavy schedule and a recurring foot problem to reach the last 16 of the French Open on Friday.
"What do you want to do before you die?" became the premise for their new lifestyle and, eventually, the MTV series that allowed them to cross Number 53 off their bucket list: "Make a badass TV show."
Mars Inc.
Will immigration reform fly?
Editor's note: Joseph E.
The woman made "statements implicating herself in the death of Sunando Sen," Paul Browne, the New York Police Department's chief spokesman, said earlier.
Do you know a hero?
The NCAA men's basketball Final Four couldn't come at a better time for the city of Detroit -- the hard-hit capital of the U.S. auto industry at the center of the state of Michigan's economic woes.
The NFL announced Wednesday that singer-actress Jennifer Hudson will deliver the national anthem before the start of Super Bowl XLIII on February 1.
(CNN) -- The dispute between the NCAA and the University of North Dakota over its Fighting Sioux nickname and logo took a new turn Wednesday when the school said the filing of petitions requires it to use the nickname and logo while the issue plays out, possibly in a statewide vote.
Brijesh Srivastava, an owner of businesses including a flour mill and a cable network company, and his wife Shabista, a lawyer, are estranged from their families, who disapproved of their interfaith marriage years ago.
"He's like our child.
In addition to the iPad app, Facebook is also expected to release a revamped version of its iPhone app and may unveil an HTML5-based mobile app marketplace.
The Facebook iPad app, which leaked earlier this year, has been in limbo at Facebook for the past few months.
The estimated U.S.
The M/V Maran Centaurus was commandeered about 600 nautical miles northeast of the Seychelles, on its way to New Orleans, Louisiana, according to the Maritime Security Center.
The 300,000-ton tanker, which started out from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, was seized Sunday.
The crew consists of 16 Filipinos, nine Greeks, two Ukrainians and a Romanian, said the security agency, which is run by the European naval force.
The 4,500 pages cover sightings that were reported from 1986 through 1992.
Government borrowing is running at about 7% of GDP, according government figures, fueling excess demand and widening the current account deficit.
There is nothing to match the shocking biological horror that erupted in "Alien," but you couldn't accuse them of giving up without a fight.
He will advise the bank on global political and strategic issues, a company statement said.
Sgt.
It is not clear whether Al-Shabab has the capacity to carry out its threats against Israel.
Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991, when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting.
From Saudi Arabia to Kuwait, countries across the region are investing big in arts and culture.
In Doha, the capital of Qatar, the Museum of Islamic Art stands on its own man-made island, just off the city's waterfront.
And the small emirate of Sharjah within the UAE has managed to establish one of the liveliest contemporary art scenes in the region.
(CNN) -- Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger said Monday he won't appeal the six-game suspension imposed by the National Football League and apologized to his teammates and fans for a night out that left him under a Georgia prosecutor's microscope.
Chilton was having heart problems and died in an emergency room in New Orleans, Louisiana, said longtime friend and business associate John Fry.
Kiev, Ukraine (CNN) -- Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko refuses to concede defeat in Ukraine's presidential election and plans to demand a recount in some districts, officials from her party, Bloc Tymoshenko, said Tuesday.
ABC points out that "Nashville" attracts an upscale audience, pulling 30 percent higher ratings among Adults 18-49 in homes with at least $100,000 in annual income to make it the "top indexing" new broadcast drama.
The Connie Britton and Hayden Panettiere drama has received a pickup for nine more hours.
No word yet on fellow freshman dramas "Last Resort" and "666 Park Avenue."
(RollingStone.com) -- "Glee" creator Ryan Murphy is reportedly Sony Pictures' top pick to direct the forthcoming remake of the musical "Annie" starring Willow Smith.
Also Friday, the U.S.
Also Friday, the U.S.
The director of the U.S.
The Andorran authorities took over the running of the bank after the Treasury revelations, and the director general of the Banca Privada, Joan Pau Miquel Prats, was arrested late Friday.
Kutcher, 34, is one of the more tech-savvy actors in Hollywood.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has taken over as the lead agency involved in the investigation.
Lam Luong, 38, admitted throwing the children, who ranged in age from 3 years to 4 months, off the Dauphin Island bridge south of Mobile, according to CNN affiliate WKRG.
Beatriz Reyes, 41, has been credited with saving two of the three children who survived the crash which killed 154 people.
Recently, the Taliban demanded the closure of some schools in two eastern provinces.
This power struggle in classrooms is symptomatic of broader fears about the future.
On Wednesday, Rep.
London, England (CNN) -- British troops will pull out of the notorious Sangin district of Afghanistan's Helmand province to allow U.S.
The protest caused a backlog of flights at the airport, a major gateway for Scotland and one of Europe's busiest heliports, airport officials said.
The six-piece 2-tone outfit originally from the English Midlands played a total of five dates at what is now the O2 Academy, such was the phenomenal demand for tickets.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ford C.
He noted that Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation.
Safari's hold on 62.17% of mobile traffic has reduced IE's overall share of web browsing, despite still claiming 52.63% of desktop traffic, according to Netmarketshare.com.
As of October, Firefox is the second most popular web browser, accounting for 21.20% of traffic, followed by Google Chrome and Safari, which account for 16.60% and 8.72% respectively.
The Marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in August 2003 that killed 12 people.
Gov.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Bush said Tuesday that Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah "knows our position loud and clear" on the punishment of the victim of a gang rape.
Djokovic reached a career high ranking of number two in the world earlier this year, Jankovic went one better and briefly topped the women's rankings in 2008 while Ivanovic claimed grand slam glory at the French Open in the same year.
Sen.
Sen.
Lohan must now resume work on the 480 hours of community service ordered as part of her sentence, including 360 hours at the Los Angeles Downtown Women's Center.
Apple's iTunes accounts for 70 percent of all digital song sales and wields huge power.
JAKARTA, Indonesia (CNN) -- An Indonesian military transport plane crashed into a residential area in East Java early Wednesday, killing 98 people, military officials said.
At a Wednesday morning news conference, Reed said Atlanta city road crews began pretreating streets at 9 a.m.
(CNN) -- The judge in the murder case of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin has denied a prosecution's motion for a gag order, but noted the court could reconsider if attorneys in the case write or say anything considered prejudicial.
Boston has pledged to become the first city in the country to eliminate the gender pay gap.
Editor's note: Pedro A.
Wildfires have been burning in northwest and central Oklahoma since Thursday, according to the state Department of Emergency Management.
U.S.
What he got instead is a 22-year-old international arms dealer who faces a congressional inquiry for allegedly selling old Chinese ammunition to the U.S. military to equip allies in Afghanistan.
North Korea set off months of tensions with a long-range rocket launch in December followed by an underground nuclear test in February.
The Glasgow-based sides, who have dominated their own league both competitively and financially in recent years, had hoped to be part of plans submitted by Bolton chairman Phil Gartside who is keen on a two-tier league of between 36 and 40 teams.
"It moved me and my recliner about eight inches across the floor," a caller told the Sedgwick County 911 dispatch center, according to CNN affiliate KSN in Wichita, Kansas.
These are among the more than 100,000 objects that have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on the National Mall.
The authority had been classified as a "non-member observer entity" until the November 29 vote.
(CNN) -- New Jersey Gov.
"Can we create a situation of minimum waste?"
The snow began to fall Monday on northern and central Chinese provinces, including Hebei, Shanxi, Henan, Shandong, Hubei and Shaanxi, and Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, Xinhua reported.
New Haven, Connecticut (seventh), home of Yale University, is the city of "rude, unfriendly folks;" Detroit (eighth) was called the "armpit of the world" by one reader and Atlantic City, New Jersey (ninth), was dismissed as a "pale shadow of Las Vegas."
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson blasted Rep.
The bill, co-sponsored by Sen.
Zynga's "FrontierVille" and "Texas HoldEm Poker" also round out the top five: put those four apps together (we'll disregard the fact that many of those users overlap for a second) and you have a very impressive number: 184 million active users across four games.
The only non-Zynga app in the top five list is "Phrases," which at one point threatened to take the top place, but is now overshadowed by both "CityVille" and "FarmVille."
(CNN)The announcement this year of a new, original Dr.
As CNN's Drew Griffin reported for "AC360ยบ," 78 members of Congress can count federally registered lobbyists as family members.
In the 2012 election cycle, a full 25% of the $6 billion donated to political candidates and committees came from just one ten-thousandth of the U.S. population, according to a Sunlight Foundation analysis.
(CNN) -- World number two Phil Mickelson has indefinitely suspended his PGA Tour schedule after his wife was diagnosed with breast cancer.
(CNN) -- J.C.
Obama's fight to get health care reform through Congress hit a major snag this week -- facing opposition from Republicans and fiscally conservative "Blue Dog" Democrats worried over the costs -- estimated to be around $1 trillion.
Sen.
The lawsuit -- filed in U.S.
1 Serena Williams survived the longest match of her career to bounce back from her Rome disappointment and reach the third round of the Madrid Open on Monday.
(CNN) -- World No.
Voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states and seven federal territories.
Washington (CNN) -- Former Soviet spy Oleg Kalugin, who headed KGB operations in the United States in the 1970s and later left Russia to live in America, told CNN Tuesday he is "amazed" that Moscow is engaging so heavily in espionage against Washington.
(CNN) -- A 6.7-magnitude earthquake hit near the Greek island of Crete on Wednesday, the U.S.
Ships and aircraft battled the blaze on the Shoko Maru, a 998-ton tanker anchored about 5 kilometers (3 miles) off the port of Himeji in western Japan, the coast guard said.
Prime Minister James Callaghan called the situation a "scandal" when he discovered the scale of the problem and demanded resignations among the military.
The body of a U.S.
A California measure that limits trans fat in restaurant food also takes effect January 1.
Beyond that, the AP has also defined a number of acronyms that are commonly used in texting and instant messaging.
He was convicted in 1980 of killing 33 men and boys in the Chicago area between 1972 and 1978, but investigators always suspected he had more victims than the 28 found in the space beneath his house and in a nearby river.
And despite his 46 victories without a defeat, Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. still has to answer the questions about his famous father, still has to punch through the skepticism, still has to face opponents who he says underestimate him because just they don't think he's as good as his dad.
"I have taken a very progressive stance in the rest of my life," she says.
There is no magic like the magic of Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling in "The Notebook."
Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray's chemistry was never "Lost in Translation" for us.
Samuel David Crowe's death sentence was changed to life in prison by Georgia authorities, his attorney says.
Who do you think is the best striker in the world?
After days of trying to obtain permission from Syrian authorities to travel to the country, Valerie Amos, U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief coordinator, will arrive Wednesday in Damascus, she said.
"Providing military assistance to the Free Syrian Army and other opposition groups is necessary, but at this late hour, that alone will not be sufficient to stop the slaughter and save innocent lives," the Arizona Republican said in an impassioned speech in the U.S.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A member of the royal family of Abu Dhabi who was captured on videotape torturing an Afghan grain dealer has reportedly been detained, a senior U.S.
The move came only days after bipartisan legislation was introduced in the U.S.
In light of the death of Michael Brown -- the unarmed African-American teen who was fatally shot by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, in August -- Obama said that the country is now "awakened" to a reality that a "gulf of mistrust" exists between African-Americans and law enforcement officials in communities throughout the country.
Given ISIS advances, the official said, there will be more attacks against ISIS targets in Anbar, as well as in other contested areas such as along the Turkish border.
Police and intelligence services did all they could to trace suspects and avert attacks given the resources, intelligence and evidence they had at the time, said the report by the Intelligence and Security Committee, which reports directly to the prime minister.
(CNN) -- Col.
(CNN) -- Australian spin legend Shane Warne has retired from all forms of cricket after playing his final match for Indian Premier League side (IPL) Rajasthan Royals.
But Turkey's path to EU membership remains fraught, in part due to problems pitching the idea to the country and Europe.
The U.N.
Samoa Earthquake - Understand how seismic events, like the Samoan quake, can spawn tsunamis.
Iran's Inspections - Hear the International Atomic Energy Agency's stance on Iran's nuclear program.
Longer School Day - Consider the potential pros and cons of a plan to extend the U.S.
Children as young as 4 months old were being treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries and other "wounds of war," spokesman James Elder told CNN.
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians and urged the Tamil Tigers to promise the same.
Most victims of the late Tuesday landslide live in the Kilimanjaro region near the mountain by the same name, Kaganda said.
U.N. officials warned last month that east Africa is facing mudslides, crop destruction and waterborne diseases as a result of heavy downpour triggered by El Nino weather patterns.
The mountain is the highest peak in Africa and is a major tourist attraction.
Do you know a hero?
For the first time, big winners in Spain's annual Christmas lottery will have to pay a 20% tax on their winnings if the prize is greater than 2,500 euros, or $3,425.
In Spain's deep economic crisis, the government started taxing all major lottery winnings in 2013 and expects to collect about $1 billion this year.
A Philadelphia priest convicted of a sex crime involving a 10-year-old boy has died while awaiting appeal, his church said Tuesday.
Washington (CNN) -- President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton pledged to end violence and discrimination against gays and lesbians at home and abroad Tuesday, as the Obama administration moves to extend further benefits to gays working in the federal government.
But Roddick, the U.S.
"So we want it; they don't.
That's the day his father, Tony Lewis Sr. was convicted of helping to run one of the largest drug rings in the history of the nation's capitol.
The show therefore becomes a contest between the judges as much as the contestants, often resulting in plenty of judges' bickering ("X Factor" judges Sharon Osbourne and Dannii Minogue were reportedly barely on speaking terms by the end of their run on the show).
Meanwhile, other series such as "ER" and "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation," both monster hits that were the most popular shows in several seasons, failed to get even one mention from the panel of a dozen professional TV watchers queried by CNN.
In all, 46 shows were cited as having a strong influence on TV but none was mentioned as often as "Hill Street Blues."
Fujimoto says Kim gave him a free pass to visit North Korea whenever he wanted, an invitation few have.
Before you crack open the Ben & Jerry's, though, do what May calls the "Four-Really Test": Ask yourself if you really, really, really, really want it.
Step away from that laptop, TV, or iPad, so you can focus fully on the treat you want to eat.
It comes down to this: When you eat to feel good, let yourself feel good.
Though the influence is Spanish, the props, the fabrics, the models and the setting are all local to Senegal.
"The family is very stressed.
U.S.
"I have faith in God, and I know I am standing for a noble cause with a clean heart," she said.
Al-Bashir is wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity relating to a five-year campaign of violence in western Sudan's Darfur region.
Al-Bashir remains president and has traveled to several countries since the warrant was issued.
Zapata's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame honors her six decades of work on the stage, which began in New York in 1946.
Swearing or making mention of a friend's questionable (or even questionably legal) early-morning decisions on his or her wall is just as unclassy as her 3 a.m.
US Airways is confirming passenger and crew on board the aircraft and will issue additional information as soon as possible.
(CNN) -- Two CNN journalists have been honored at the 2013 Business Travel Journalism Awards.
During the awards dinner at The Bloomsbury Ballroom in central London, CNN correspondent Ayesha Durgahee was named Business Travel News Journalist of the Year and CNN Business Traveller Senior producer Rosie Tomkins won Best Newcomer to Business Travel or Meetings & Events Journalism.
During the awards dinner at The Bloomsbury Ballroom in central London, CNN correspondent Ayesha Durgahee was named Business Travel News Journalist of the Year and CNN Business Traveller Senior producer Rosie Tomkins won Best Newcomer to Business Travel or Meetings & Events Journalism.
(CNN) -- World No.
The Towson team wore orange armbands stitched with her initials Y.L.
See, she grew up in Louisville, Kentucky, where her dad owned a construction company and her mom ran a summer camp.
(Rick Steves (www.ricksteves.com) writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
An arrest warrant has been issued for ousted President Viktor Yanukovych over the killings of civilians, a government official said Monday.
The attack in Paris is also giving new fire to legislation Rep.
His native Malawi had gone through one of its worst droughts seven years ago, killing thousands.
"With Romney, it's been almost a case of overkill," said Karin Page, a registered Republican and small business owner from Webster.
But Rep.
In the video, a man says he and an actor are trying to test how police would respond to such a scene at a busy intersection.
Eight members of the Venezuelan national guard are also in custody and were scheduled to appear in front of a judge Wednesday afternoon for a preliminary hearing.
(CNN) -- To an outsider, Dr.
(CNN) -- Lionel Messi scored his 33rd and 34th goals of the season as Barcelona crushed Valladolid 4-0 to retain their Spanish Primera Liga title by three points from Real Madrid, who were held 1-1 at Malaga on Sunday.
In Wyoming, the wind chill is expected to be between 25 to 35 below zero.
The visit from Sen.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's father suspects his son was murdered and that Dr.
M.J.
Army Staff Sgt.
Being competitive comes from having better ideas than your competition: an idea about targeting a particular group of people, an idea about a new product, an idea about how or where to distribute it, or an idea about how to advertise it.
But what started for some as fun has turned deadly; at least five men aged under 30 have died after drinking deadly cocktails.
There appears to be no limit to the type of drinks that are consumed, and in what matter.
The role of social media giants like Facebook is also coming under scrutiny.
Snowden's disclosures in 2013 made him an icon among those who praised him for risking his future to expose these secrets and a villain among those who accused him of being a lawbreaker who betrayed the United States.
(CNN) -- Edward Snowden, who leaked secret information about U.S.
The 2014 British Open and U.S.
In an ironic twist, the game has even become popular with some politicians in Malaysia's ruling UMNO coalition, according to the group that developed the card game.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- British filmmaker, screenwriter and playwright, Mike Leigh has been in the movie business for over 35 years.
Famous for his fierce independence (read refusal to work in Hollywood), Leigh's work is known for gritty realism and a focus on underprivileged sections of British society.
A U.S.
Stay positive: Dogs respond to your actions, not your words.
Kyle Dube, 20, of Orono, Maine, was indicted Wednesday on kidnapping and murder charges in the death of 15-year-old Nichole Cable, according to Tim Feeley, special assistant to the Maine attorney general.
It took only two days for hackers to crack into the Apple and Blackberry operating systems during the three-day Pwn2Own tournament last week, while Android and Windows Phone 7 models were abandoned and left unhacked by the end of the contest.
The fourth round draw produced only one all-Premier League tie, Stoke at Chelsea.
California Sen.
• In all, 2,309 U.S. military members have died in Afghanistan since hostilities began there on October 7, 2001.
(CNN) -- At the end of "22 Jump Street" -- a sequel that made fun of the concept of sequels -- the film cheekily proposed humorous possibilities for yet another follow-up.
Washington (CNN) -- On March 25, 1863, in the heat of the U.S.
The recession definitely pushed some people into extra work, said Linda Burns, a commercial and independent film producer who leads a workshop called "How To Be an Extra and On Set Protocol."
Movie extras in Georgia typically make between $58 and $101.50 for an 8- to 12-hour day.
This is Obama's fourth appearance on "The View" and his second since taking up residence in the White House.
The $600 million already spent on the project may not be reimbursed.
"Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation," says Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart.
Educational reforms still have a long way to go, but some changes are underway.
The program runs on a $5,000 annual budget supported by federal tax dollars, CNN affiliate KSWB reported.
Holder plans to brief state and local law enforcement officials on a conference call Monday and plans to urge them to adopt the federal policy in a speech in Memphis on Tuesday, according to a Justice official.
Thailand has been hit the hardest, with 315 people killed in that time frame, officials said.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- The head of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, General Stanley McChrystal, expressed regret Monday after more than two dozen civilians were killed in a NATO airstrike.
Then there's the race factor: Lin is the first U.S.-born player of Chinese or Taiwanese descent to play in the NBA, which is helping to tap into the significant market of Asian-American basketball fans.
In just weeks he's gone from one-time bench-warmer to team savior, leading the Knicks to five straight victories and averaging more than 20 points per game, while his field goal percentage during this winning streak tops 50%.
Lin also stands out due to his academic prowess, being the only current NBA player who has a Harvard degree, and is the first Harvard graduate to play in the league for almost 60 years.
(CNN) -- As regulations tighten in Europe and the world's wealth moves to Asia, Singapore is tipped to overtake Switzerland to become the largest global offshore wealth center in terms of assets by 2020, according to London research firm, WealthInsight.
The Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) estimates that Britons now make up a quarter of foreign fighters in Somalia, and says Al-Shabaab is stepping up its effort to make the most of this fertile recruiting ground.
By the next day, the man was in custody, fingered by viewers who recognized him from the images on the site, and from TV segments on the Facebook posting.
(CNN) -- Trading of US equities on "dark pools" has grown by almost a half in the past three years to account for nearly a third of total market volume, according to research that underscores the challenge facing international regulators.
The shift from transparent public exchanges has highlighted growing concern among asset managers and global regulators about off-exchange trading, where prices are reported only after deals are executed.
On Tuesday, U.S.
Protesters have been calling for the democratically elected Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to step down.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the Rev.
Washington (CNN) -- Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger used a short speech at the State Department on Wednesday to joke about the prospect of Hillary Clinton running for President in 2016.
(Rolling Stone) -- The Rolling Stones are strongly considering at least one live concert later this year to mark their 50th anniversary, Stones insiders tell Rolling Stone.
In July, the band will gather in London to further discuss live performance possibilities.
"The Mindy Project" (4.7 million viewers, 2.4) was down 23 percent from last year's "Raising Hope" premiere in this slot and dropped from its lead in.
Still, "Mindy Project" fended off its 9:30 p.m. comedy rival, NBC's "The New Normal" (5.2 million, 2.0).
Gen.
Mitrione, a former NFL player, appeared Monday on a show called "The MMA Hour."
EW has confirmed the news, originally reported by The Hollywood Reporter, that Chris Cooper has joined the cast of "Amazing Spider-Man 2."
He'll play Norman Osborn, the father of Peter's best friend Harry who is destined to become Spider-verse uber-baddy the Green Goblin.
But Libya's Deputy U.N.
The Obama administration is considering whether it should cut diplomatic ties with Libya, a senior U.S. official told CNN.
Particularly touching are the mementos left at some of the graves -- photographs of wives and children, children's drawings, coins, greeting cards, notes, stones and even unopened beer bottles.
At his grave is a multicolored, handmade card bearing the message: "You are my hero, Daddy.
"It makes a difference when you see U.S.
London (CNN) -- A man accused of defacing a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II with paint at Westminster Abbey is due in court on Friday, police in London said.
The portrait, by the Australian-born artist Ralph Heimans, has been taken down, the abbey said in a statement Thursday.
Italy's central bank has blocked all electronic payments through cash machines and by credit cards in Vatican City following the world's smallest state's failure to fully comply with international anti-money laundering rules.
(CNN) -- Before making judgments about the shootings at Fort Hood, a thorough investigation needs to take place, Sen.
Texas Gov.
Nicolas Anelka's low strike put Chelsea ahead in the 37th minute before Daniel Sturridge slammed in a second just after the halftime interval to ease any nerves.
Do you know a hero?
The Rev.
Ben Witherington III, professor of New Testament Interpretation at Asbury Theological Seminary, offers the Protestant view that Jesus and James were full brothers, with Jesus being the elder.
Though child labor is illegal in Nepal, an estimated 1.6 million children between the ages of five and 17 years are in the work force, according to the National Child Labor Report.
Many are employed in the carpet, brick and garment industries, or in private homes as domestic workers.
(CNN) -- The U.N.
"Gravity," the 3-D sci-fi drama starring Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as astronauts stranded in open space, has been pushed from its November 21 release to 2013 by Warner Bros., EW has confirmed.
But between a lack of available 3-D IMAX screens and a highly competitive holiday moviegoing season that includes a new "Bond" movie, the final "Twilight" movie, and "The Hobbit," Warner Bros. execs wanted to be sure the unusual film had the best possible platform for success.
Some witnesses accuse Him Huy of taking an active role in the horrors at Tuol Sleng, including executing prisoners and separating infants and children from their mothers and sending them to slaughter.
HAVANA, Cuba (CNN) -- Thousands gathered in the Cuban capital on Sunday to pay their respects to one of Cuba's few remaining original revolutionaries, Juan Almeida, who according to state media died of a heart attack Friday evening.
The singer's trial is set to start immediately after D.C.
She will preside over 543 elected members, of which 58 are women.
The contest was free to enter and open to all students around the world between 13 and 18 years of age.
Instead of being the spiritual leader of his faith, Bartholomew has become a symbol of the dwindling community of ethnic Greeks still living in modern-day Istanbul.
About 300,000 Americans each year are infected with Lyme disease, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Friday urged stiff punishment for those who "orchestrated and provoked" the "painful" unrest after the June 12 presidential election, according to Iran's state-run Press TV.
"This is not over.
An object had been sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground and officials are trying to identify it.
The swollen Souris River flows straight through the city and is expected to overwhelm area levees, said Cecily Fong, spokeswoman for the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services.
Saudi Arabia launched a "security campaign" this month to crack down on workers violating visa rules.
Sort out the coffee minefield -- fast
(RS.com) -- Parkinson's disease has changed a lot about Michael J.
Navy has charged six guards accused of assaulting detainees in May at Camp Bucca in Iraq, naval officials said Thursday.
Marketed as "the future of fashion design shows," NBC's "Fashion Star" premiered Tuesday.
DENVER, Colorado (CNN) -- Sen.
Rodger also insisted that the band's second performance was not part of a "big plot" but rather an agreement with Grammy producers to play out the show's credits, depending on how much time was left in the broadcast.
UNITED NATIONS (CNN) -- The U.N.
Pyongyang's actions violated existing U.N.
CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser sums up the Tea Party Express and its place in the larger Tea Party movement:
Bail for registered sex offender Anthony Sowell was set at $1 million on the rape charges.
Bail had already been set at $5 million on five murder charges related to the grisly discovery of the bodies at his home in Cleveland.
"We're very aware of all of this," said Steve Hatchell, president and CEO of the National Football Foundation, the Hall's governing body.
Finland is one of the world's most wired nations, and numbers corporations such as telecommunications giant Nokia among its successes.
About half of the babies born in Western countries today will live until they are 100 years old, according to recent research published in the medical journal The Lancet, so the challenge is to ensure they remain active throughout their old age.
Scientists at Leeds University envisage that many of the body parts that flounder with age could be upgraded using own-grown tissues and more durable implants.
Dressed in a white uniform and flanked by more than a dozen other military officials, Gen.
Washington (CNN) -- The House of Representatives censured veteran New York Rep.
It occupies less than a square mile, and its history dates to the Roman Empire, when emperors such as Augustus and Tiberius found the island's isolation perfect for banished troublemakers.
(CNN) -- Emmanuel Adebayor scored a header in each half, while Angel Di Maria and Cristiano Ronaldo added further goals, as Real Madrid overpowered 10-man Tottenham 4-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarterfinal at the Bernabeu.
"Space is big.
In a statement issued Tuesday, Ferrari China said the drive was taken unauthorized by staff from its Nanjing distributor Nanjing Kuaiyi Automobile Trading Co.
"Fans can show their support for #HungerGames24 by visiting Screenings.TheHungerGamesMovie.com and tweeting a unique hashtag assigned to their closest city to unlock Advance Screening locations.
Starting tomorrow, March 1, the top four cities with the most Twitter volume will be announced each day and fans will then be able to enter to win tickets to those locations," Lionsgate said in a release.
The presidential election in the U.S. and the economic slowdown in China has created a cocktail of uncertainty, according to Sorrell.
Prince William and Catherine's child will be next in line to the throne after William regardless of whether it is a boy or a girl, the British Cabinet Office said Monday.
It's the same airport from which Pan Am Flight 281 took off more than 40 years ago.
Brandao was playing in only his second match for the Corsica-based club after joining from Saint Etienne in the summer.
The news marked a blow for the Rio de Janeiro-based bank just as it is gearing up for a public offering next week that values it at up to $15bn, making it the first significant IPO in Brazil in more than nine months.
The plane was on a routine flight from Kinsasha to the eastern city of Goma on Monday, with three stops, Illemassene said.
The meeting originally planned for August 9 was postponed this month even as the organization called on urgent aid to the drought-struck Horn of Africa region.
The meeting comes as aid groups urge the continent's leaders to step up their efforts.
The stroke is "a complication of his congestive heart failure" for which he is being treated at The Heart Hospital at Baylor Plano in Texas, Kirt Webster said.
Doctors implanted a device in his heart to help blood flow.
Washington (CNN) -- In a rare public appearance, President George W.
Part of his traveling "Body Works" exhibition, "The Cycle of Life," is showing at Berlin's Postbahnhof and features 200 human bodies at various life stages -- from conception to old age, including embryos and fetuses taken from historic anatomical collections.
The deal will be part of an $80 billion reduction in Medicare drug costs for senior citizens over the next 10 years, according to Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus, D-Montana, who helped negotiate the agreement.
Depending on the configuration, the plane can seat 200 to 300 passengers and can travel more than 2,500 nautical miles.
Meanwhile, five more trekkers -- four Canadians and an Indian -- died in remote Manang district Tuesday, and their bodies were found Wednesday, Manang district police official Narayan Datta Chapagain told CNN via phone.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistan understands the need to move "urgently and transparently" against extremists on its soil after last week's terrorist attacks in India, U.S.
Possum Kingdom resident Jackie Fewell set up a blog to provide updates on the crisis since fire warnings first were extended to the 3,000-home lake community.
The men allegedly operated as a gang, targeting single, female Japanese tourists.
Some liberals see Jesus as a champion of the poor who would support raising taxes on the wealthy, while some conservatives think Jesus would be more concerned with opposing abortion and same-sex marriage.
(CNN) -- The Food and Drug Administration is preparing to ban caffeinated alcohol drinks, Sen.
Annie Dookhan, 34, was picked up by state police at her home in Franklin, Massachusetts, and has been accused of obstruction of justice and pretending to hold master's degree in chemistry from the University of Massachusetts.
Yes, the site lists Aria's appearance as a favorite among ambitious parents with studiously high hopes for their offspring, but I'm choosing to interpret this name as an homage to Arya, the reigning "Game of Thrones" bite-sized bada**.
In a puzzling change of pace, the terrorizing and brutal Cato of the "Hunger Games" has made its way up the ranks in what I can only surmise is that parents-to-be want their children to be built of inordinate strength and spout irrational and violent temper tantrums.
Washington (CNN) -- A U.S.
The group is demanding a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the Niger Delta.
After rehab, the birds are scheduled for release in Florida, where they are less likely to repeat their run-in with the spilled oil.
Lt.
There are no umpires, and no one really keeps score.
(CNN) -- Rep.
Investigators found Dr.
Jorden, a surgeon who had worked at Erie County Medical Center in Buffalo since 2003, was linked to the death of hospital clerk and ex-girlfriend Jacqueline Wisniewski on Wednesday morning, police said.
(CNN) -- Church of England leaders have voted to allow women to become bishops, the church announced Monday.
Washington (CNN) -- Walk into Rep.
After the 9/11 attacks, when it became clear to investigators that al Qaeda's deadly assaults on New York and Washington had cost as much as $500,000 to mount, the U.S. government became far more aggressive about trying to block funds going to terrorist organizations.
Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Di Stefano led Los Blancos to five consecutive European Cup triumphs from 1956 to 1960 and was named European Footballer of the Year twice in 1957 and 1959.
Singaporean businessman Tan Seet Eng, also known as Dan Tan, is thought to be a key figure in an ongoing investigation into corruption in soccer by global law enforcers Interpol.
Two matches in the continent's leading club competition, the European Champions League, were among 380 matches in 15 different countries deemed suspicious by Europol.
(CNN) -- U.S.
(CNN) -- Ecuador's highest court has upheld a conviction and a $40 million judgment against a newspaper in a case that pitted the paper's directors and a former opinion editor against the country's president.
(Rolling Stone) -- A bronze sculpture of Willie Nelson will be erected later this month in Austin, Texas.
The unveiling event will include an appearance by Nelson himself, who will be in town to perform at ACL Live at the Moody Theatre as part of the We Walk the Line show celebrating the music of Johnny Cash.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden, where prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
The comet's gravity is so weak that engineers have come up with ingenious solutions to keep Philae in place.
Charice and her brother, Karl, were raised by their single mother in the Philippines.
(CNN) -- World No.
TBLISI, Georgia (CNN) -- As Georgian troops launched a major military offensive Friday to regain control over the breakaway province of South Ossetia, the former Soviet republic's president accused Russia of bombing its territory.
In 2011, dog owners spent $248 on routine vet care and cat owners spent $219, according to a survey by the American Pet Products Association.
ABR requires prospective clients to secure a letter from their landlord as part of the adoption process.
Rescue groups look for applicants who will commit to routine vaccinations, along with preventatives to fight fleas and the threat of heartworm, a life-threatening illness transmitted by infected mosquitoes.
And one of Stevens' longtime friends, Utah Sen.
The United States also continues to welcome the assistance of our international partners in this investigation," U.S.
Pollack: "ACA moves us very close to achieving health coverage for everyone.
Defense attorney Ed Chernoff countered, saying Jackson's death was "tragic, but the evidence will not show that Dr.
Unveiled at a weekend launch to introduce Etihad's redesigned/renamed A380 and B787 cabins, "The Residence by Etihad" -- available only on the airline's A380 jets -- is a three-room VIP suite with its own living room, double bedroom and ensuite shower.
Scotland has four options -- each with their own risks and unknowns.
But the ISAF says there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks on humans in 2013 -- the lowest number of global attacks since 2009, when 67 attacks occurred.
Washington (CNN) -- Rep.
The official autopsy report stated the cause of death as asphyxiation.
Six soldiers are currently on military trial, four have been charged with murder.
Maximilian von Poelnitz found a problem and started a business to solve it.
(Ars Technica) -- Bloomberg is reporting that Microsoft will cease development of its family of Zune-branded music players due to weak demand and a desire to focus on its smartphone platform.
Since their introduction in 2006, the Zune players always played second fiddle -- if that -- to Apple's iPod line.
The whirlwind -- an EF5 tornado, the most destructive on the Fujita scale -- had sheared houses, schools, businesses into sticks, bricks and shards that lay jumbled and jagged in the straight-line rows of their subdivision streets.
The beating of Thomas in a transit parking lot was recorded by security cameras on the night of July 5, 2011.
Donahue ended up living for a year in Nuggettown, California, with a bunch of growers and their "pot wives," helping to build grow rooms and tending to the crops.
Hong Kong police plan to step up efforts against vice operations in the city following a massive crackdown on prostitution last week across the Chinese border, where police in Dongguan raided 2000 establishments and detained more than 900 people.
Given the condition of the lower leg, "replantation was not an option," according to Dr.
One official called the order to serve in Iraq "a potential death sentence" during the town meeting.
She then allegedly requested that the murder take place at a local library and that she be present so that she could then hand out documents about animal cruelty after the homicide.
At least four people have died in protests in Senegal since January 27, when the country's highest court, the Constitutional Council, cleared the 85-year-old president to run for a third term, government officials have said.
Do you know a hero?
Sen.
New Orleans, Louisiana (CNN) -- Chemical dispersants keep flowing into the Gulf of Mexico at virtually unchanged levels despite the Environmental Protection Agency's order to BP to "significantly" scale back, according to a CNN analysis of daily dispersant reports provided by the Deepwater Horizon Unified Command.
It came one day after two other possible Republican presidential hopefuls, New Jersey Gov.
The Deputy Attorney General's Office said Sergio "El Shaka" Vega was on his way to perform at a village festival concert when gunmen ambushed the red Cadillac he was driving around 9:30 p.m.
London (CNN) -- The beating by a Texas judge of his daughter in 2004 that has provoked a storm of outrage in the United States has made me reflect on how the situation with regard to corporal punishment in schools has changed during my career as a schoolmaster and head teacher.
Despite popular belief, the suicide rate doesn't spike at the holidays.
The video in question is a 19-minute short that pokes fun at a clique of Dubai teens who are influenced by hip-hop culture.
Afghanistan Elections - Learn about the different enemies facing coalition forces in Afghanistan.
Cyber Crime Concerns - Find out why social networking sites are popular among cyber thieves.
School Bus Safety - Consider some of the challenges involving school buses around the U.S.
Washington (CNN) -- The wife of Rep.
(CNN) -- The Rev.
Rep.
The U.S. military confirmed a man by the name of Jordan Matson enlisted in the Army in Sturtevant, Wisconsin, and served from May 2006 to November 2007.
Her family's tragedy started on November 22 1986, when her father, Jose Martinez, had an altercation with a few customers at a restaurant he owned with his wife.
"Men in Black 3" opened to $54.6 million last weekend (or $69.3 million if you include Memorial Day).
(CNN) -- If you can't recall everything you loved and hated about 2012, Facebook, Twitter and Google all just released their year-in-review reports.
At least five drones were flying near Miranshah city when the strike occurred, the local intelligence officials said.
A high-level commander with the Haqqani network, Haji Gul, was among those killed in the latest drone strike in North Waziristan Agency.
(EW.com) -- "Star Trek" helmer J.J.
Abrams has made no secret of his affection for "Star Wars."
By contrast, he had no such nostalgic attachment to "Star Trek" before signing on to direct it -- which may have made it easier for him to revamp that franchise.
It boasts a golf course, spa, private sleeping rooms, a casino, and indoor gardens that, according to the airport's Web site, offer "travelers an oasis of calm and tranquility permeated with the refreshing scent of pine."
Ambassador Ahmad Kattan is expected to resume his duties on Sunday, the Saudi Press Agency said.
The protests and the Saudi reaction appear to have again ratcheted up long-standing tensions between the two Middle Eastern nations.
Indiana has the broadest school voucher program available to a range of incomes, critics say, and could set a precedent as other states seek ways to expand such programs.
A day after East African leaders warned both the fledgling country and its rebel group to lay down their arms within four days, U.N.
At The Big Family shelter, scores of children -- some as young as two months old -- were denied visits from their parents, virtually imprisoned in vermin-infested quarters and routinely subjected to physical, psychological and sexual abuse, authorities said.
The Joplin tornado was the deadliest single U.S.
(CNN) -- "Glee" will likely end its run after season 6 â€” the final year in the drama's current deal on Fox.
In the aggregate, women are paid on average 77 cents on the dollar to men, but Romney still refuses to support the Lilly Ledbetter Pay Check Fairness Act.
Among them is U.S.
(CNN) -- The U.S. military expects on Thursday to begin flying Burundi forces into the Central African Republic to help stop the violence in that war-torn country, according to a U.S. military official.
The eyes of the world are on the U.S.
Experiencing any kind of trauma or dangerous event -- including seeing people harmed or killed or personally getting injured -- raises the risk for PTSD.
The blast took place near a Hezbollah center for the region.
(CNN) -- The California Highway Patrol officer who responded last week to an emergency call about a runaway Toyota Prius described the driver as visibly shaking and said he "appeared to be in shock" once the car came to a stop, according to the police report released Wednesday.
The suit alleges the Bounty was unseaworthy and its captain -- Robin Walbridge -- was negligent when he set sail with his crew of 15 as Hurricane Sandy steamed toward the U.S.
Dr.
(CNN) -- Authorities in Azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S.
As a precaution, Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday "following security concerns nearby," Britain's Foreign Office said.
(CNN) -- Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso secured an emotional victory for Ferrari at their home Italian Grand Prix at Monza on Sunday.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
As he sat down for his wife's headlining address, Bill Clinton's silent embrace of the 25-year-old son of recently deceased Ohio Rep.
Tubbs Jones, 58, died suddenly a week ago of a brain aneurysm.
The public moment of recognition was the result of years of friendship.
commander in Afghanistan is expected to ask the Obama administration for additional troops and equipment, according to a senior U.S. military official familiar with Gen.
What's on the agenda?
Once again, "The Expendables 2" led the chart, dropping 53 percent from its opening frame to $13.5 million -- the lowest total for a No.
In second place, Universal's $125 million sequel "The Bourne Legacy" slid by 46 percent in its third weekend to $9.3 million, which lifted its total to $85.5 million.
Focus Features' "ParaNorman" finished in third place with $8.6 million.
Jackson wrote, recorded and produced "Love Never Felt So Good" with Paul Anka in 1983, but it has been "contemporized" by Anka and Jackson estate co-executor John McClain, according to an Epic Records news release.
Rodriguez wants to hire again -- Spain has 21.5% unemployment, with 45% among youth -- but says the country's corporate regulations need to be overhauled to enable this.
U.S.
External support to bail out Ireland is one option being considered, but the country must make a request for that to happen -- and Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen said so far, he hasn't done so.
(CNET) -- Google began offering an encrypted option for Web searchers on Friday and said it planned to roll it out for all of its services eventually.
The secure Web search option will slow down the initial connection a computer makes to the Google server, but it may be hardly noticeable to most people.
Political insensitivity is not helping to foster a climate in which victims of sexual violence feel safe coming forward.
It's a debatable point, but in order to protect the minority party and make sure nobody does anything without a full debate, Senate rules require that 60 of 100 senators agree to votes to move toward confirming a nominee or passing legislation.
Up until 1975, it actually took 67 votes to overcome a filibuster.
Take Sen.
The cholera crisis comes as Zimbabwe is struggling with an economic meltdown.
"I started writing every day.
The report comes just two days before National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day, on February 7, which aims to reduce new infections by encouraging HIV testing.
His medal was the third stripped at the Beijing Games.
The government-sponsored study, called Map of Violence 2010, found that 41,532 women were murdered in Brazil between 1997 and 2007.
Holder has assigned scores of FBI agents and Justice Department investigators to look into Brown's August 9 death in the suburban St.
Do you know a hero?
U.S.
Maintenance crews corralled the crustaceans -- which had escaped from their cages on the aircraft as they were in transit earlier -- before the flight was able to depart New York for its destination in Charlotte, North Carolina, Freed said.
Ravi's court appearance Wednesday formalized his decision to head to jail, waiving his right not to serve jail time twice for the same crime, as prosecutors appeal his sentence.
The number of Web surfers in the country grew by nearly 42 percent to 298 million, according to the China Internet Network Information Center's January report.
The Chinese government wants phone and broadband access in each village by 2010.
Maathai, 71, died last month after a battle with cancer.
She was the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize in 2004 for her years of environmental conservation.
The human rights activist also fought for the empowerment of impoverished communities in the continent.
The report demands the discharge of all soldiers under the age of 18 in Syria and warns anyone backing such organizations of being potentially complicit in war crimes.
The couple says the video has garnered international attention with people expressing shock and delight over the different take on a wedding tradition.
It was the third landfall for the storm, which came ashore in western Cuba Sunday night and then again over Key West Monday afternoon.
Interview with Dr.
The formal charges were issued 10 days after Spc.
The real Facebook revolution is global, and it's only just getting geared up.
Cairo (CNN) -- Thousands gathered in the Egyptian capital on Friday in a mass demonstration against the country's armed forces and its heavy-handed treatment of protesters, which has since drawn international condemnation.
"Sometimes I stare at people in the street, and I look for someone who looks like me," he said.
London, England (CNN) -- The International Cricket Council said Saturday it has launched an investigation into claims of a new betting scandal involving the Pakistan national team.
What would you add to this letter?
The report, entitled "Their Lives on the Line," examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords, but also by government officials.
Zhengzhou is one of China's worst cities for air pollution, ranking 10th in a Greenpeace list of the country's most polluted cities in 2013, which used official data from the Ministry of Environmental Protection.
It may take several hours for officials to determine whether anybody won the enormous national lottery drawing, which is held in 42 states, the U.S.
Syrian rebels first overran the Syrian border gate at Bab el Hawa last summer, flushing out government forces after days of fighting.
Turkish officials have not yet commented on the cause of the deadly blast.
Meanwhile, Syrian rebels claimed to have captured Syria's largest man-made dam on Monday.
The blast occurred in Samangan province late Saturday night after polls closed.
The victims had just finished the counting and other work at the polling center when the blast occurred, he said.
Torrential downpours regularly cause landslides in the eastern part of the country, particularly in areas where heavy logging has left the land stripped of vegetation.
Jang was the vice chairman of North Korea's top military body and has often been pictured beside Kim.
The attacks were mostly aimed at Shiite pilgrims trekking and driving to a shrine in Baghdad.
Washington (CNN) -- Two years after the terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, many Republicans still have unanswered questions about security issues related to the incident.
(CNN) -- Nine people were missing and presumed dead and four were hospitalized Wednesday after a helicopter carrying firefighters crashed the night before in northern California, aviation spokesmen said.
Ravi, 20, now faces a 15-count indictment in Clementi's death that includes hate crime charges, charges of invasion of privacy, bias intimidation, tampering with physical evidence, witness tampering and hindering apprehension or prosecution.
(CNN) -- Formula One team Toro Rosso have announced that teenage driver Jaime Alguersuari will be given another chance to impress with a contract for the 2010 season.
"The hallmarks will be patience and persistence, not shock and awe," he said.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
California Gov.
"I felt they were using this to harass gun owners," Fountain said of the newspaper's staff.
"Rather than debate the merits of her nomination and whether she has the legal ability, judgment, character, ethics and temperament to serve on the court, Senate Republicans resorted to smearing her distinguished record of service," said Sen.
"Rather than debate the merits of her nomination and whether she has the legal ability, judgment, character, ethics and temperament to serve on the court, Senate Republicans resorted to smearing her distinguished record of service," said Sen.
Catherina G.
But when Zapeta tried to go through airport security, an officer spotted the money in the bag and called U.S.
King was elected to the office in October 2009, but never served as president as a string of legal battles divided the 53-year-old organization.
He faced a minimum of one to three years, or as much as eight to 25 years in state prison.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The federal government is establishing a new system for updating medical records of servicemen and women during and after their military careers, President Obama announced Thursday.
French women also tend to walk everywhere instead of attempting to get to the gym.
The Nordic diet and way of life produces low rates of obesity (as low as 8%, depending on the country).
How they do it: On Okinawa, they practice hara hachi bu, or eating until 80% full.
Wearing a black hat, black jeans and no shirt, Lil Wayne finally ran onstage at 11:20 PM to a sea of hysterical fans holding cell-phone cameras.
Lil Wayne is reportedly now headed to Miami for a giant homecoming party, though he'll have to be on good behavior.
Rep.
Because of those positions and his full-throttled defense of them, CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger calls the pick "a risky choice that could hurt Mitt Romney" and also said it "may be too risky, but is bold."
(CNN) -- Stringent restrictions remain in place Monday on about 100 soldiers at a large military base in Washington state after the theft of "sensitive" and valuable "military-grade" equipment.
A school teacher by profession, Pathak left his career one year ago to fully devote himself to spread Modi's message of development and Hinduism around India.
(Mashable) -- Hulu's premium service Hulu Plus, which launched as a preview in July and recently opened up to everyone, is now out of testing period and has a new price tag of $7.99 per month.
Hulu Plus gives subscribers access to all the episodes in a season of popular shows such as "Glee," "House," "The Office," "Modern Family," "30 Rock," "Grey's Anatomy" and others.
The Netherlands Embassy says it is working with local authorities in the case, but it is not paying for a defense attorney.
"It is a true pit bull head on a dachshund body," said Dawn Blanton of the Moultrie-Colquitt County Humane Society in south Georgia.
However, he has rarely featured this season under new manager Andre Villas-Boas and is widely expected to leave Stamford Bridge during European football's January transfer window.
Five hundred fowl that had died in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region tested positive for the H5N1 virus, according to China's Ministry of Agriculture.
In late January, China confirmed its sixth case of bird flu in a human.
Chen Guangcheng is now in the U.S.
(CNN) -- Tiger Woods faces two challengers as he bids to retain the world's No.
(The Frisky) -- Breaking the hearts of "Transformers"-loving men everywhere, Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green tied the knot at the Four Seasons in Hawaii last weekend.
Scarlett Johansson and Ryan Reynolds married in 2008 in a "very remote part of Canada."
It took six months for Beyoncé to even talk about her secret wedding to Jay-Z.
In 1996 she was voted the Person Who Best Symbolizes Australia.
The President will also announce programs to help cities and states provide paid leave to American workers.
Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder for killing 17-year-old Martin in Sanford, Florida, on February 26, 2012.
Personal trainer Paul O'Brien recommends mixing aerobic and anaerobic conditioning to train like a hurler athlete.
U.N.
(CNN) -- At least three people died when a suicide bomb exploded near Afghanistan's Kandahar airfield Thursday, hours after U.S.
President Barack Obama and Panetta invited Afghan President Harmid Karzai to visit Washington early next year to discuss the volatile security situation.
But when Del Rey falls, she really lays out: The flimsy melody propping up ''National Anthem'' collapses under its embarrassing faux-rap, and ''Radio'' takes a ''fame is hard'' stance normally reserved for "Real Housewives."
He passed away after an unspecified illness and "has been laid to rest on his beloved Roanoake Island," the family said in a statement.
For being named CNN Hero of the Year, Pregracke receives $250,000 to continue his work.
That's no surprise to most people: The actress won an Oscar for "12 Years a Slave" this year and has been popping up on "best dressed" and "most beautiful" lists ever since.
Santiago, Chile (CNN) -- U.S.
He will not be eligible for another parole hearing for five years.
The region is known to be a hotbed for militancy and widely believed to be under little government control.
Then she places them in a real-life setting and photographs it.
Once the Democrats settle on a candidate, the Catholic vote seems wide open in November.
The Senate in France voted to ban child beauty pageants for kids under the age of 16 and now the measure goes to the country's lower house for debate and a vote.
"Having survived myself, what I want to do now is help other victims of the shame game survive, too," she told the audience at Forbes' 30 Under 30 summit.
In a May Vanity Fair piece, where she discussed life after her affair with Clinton, Lewinsky cited the 2010 Tyler Clementi case as the reason she was going public with her cause.
Washington (CNN) -- Rep.
(CNN) -- Former world No.
Rebels, angry with the government, have staged attacks in the past month, although they appear to have halted their advance this week toward the country's capital and largest city, Bangui.
CNN talked to Amitabh Bachchan, the De Niro of Bollywood, at an International Indian Film Academy event in London...
Many delegates at the controversial U.N. anti-racism conference in Geneva, Switzerland, cheered his words as a minority of diplomats -- mostly from Europe -- collected their papers and briefcases and left the room.
The oceans of Ganymede may have 25 times the volume of Earth's oceans, scientists said.
At the table helping to demystify the Chinese Communist Party is Hung Huang, a celebrated Chinese media personality and publisher brought up among China's political elite, Victor Gao, a former official in the Chinese Foreign Ministry and English translator for Deng Xiaoping and John Pomfret, award-winning journalist and China commentator.
(CNN) -- A New Zealand court denied bail Wednesday to the founder of the shuttered file-sharing site Megaupload, whose extradition is being sought by the U.S.
He also made comments regarding race and growing up in Louisiana before the civil rights era.
Brittney Kustes was last seen July 17 at her grandparents' home in Brooks, Kentucky, just south of Louisville, Kentucky, according to Det.
The crash killed retired Maj.
Wardak has long been considered a hotbed of insurgent activity and is the province where militants reportedly shot down a NATO Chinook helicopter last week that killed 38 people, including 30 Americans.
It needs about 30,000 verified signatures to qualify for the August state ballot.
Hawaiian Airlines Flight 39 took off from Portland at 10:10 a.m. with 231 passengers and a crew of 10 when -- 90 minutes into the flight -- its captain decided to turn around the Boeing 767, said Keoni Wagner, the airline's vice president of public affairs.
Seibert shapes everything by hand, roughly packing each piece of a structure and then refining and leveling it with his simple tools.
The painting, "Blanchisseuses souffrant des dent" ("Laundry Women with Toothache,") was taken in 1973 from the Malraux Museum in Le Havre, in Normandy, France, according to a statement from the US District Attorney in Eastern New York.
U.S. and coalition warplanes pounded ISIS positions in eastern Syria on Wednesday, targeting what a Pentagon official described as mobile oil refineries being used by the so-called Islamic State terror group to help finance its operations.
International envoy Lakhdar Brahimi is trying to broker a cease-fire by Friday.
The shooting took place in front of the prime minister's office, but Enrico Letta was being sworn in as prime minister at the time at the president's palace a short distance away, state-run news agency ANSA said.
Even though it had weakened since Friday when it was briefly classified as a super typhoon, Sanba now has the same intensity as a Category 3 hurricane, meteorologists say.
But U.S.
Workers dig painstakingly, slowly removing piles of stone and debris.
(CNN) -- Rep.
On Tuesday, Wal-Mart said in a letter to Jim Shank that it is modifying its health care plan to allow "more discretion" in individual cases.
In November, Forbes Magazine said Woods "delivered" 50% more ($6 million) for his brands than McIlroy in 2012.
For Nike, it's not just about celebrities endorsing products.
Richardson -- who has had minor roles in television series including "The Walking Dead" and "The Vampire Diaries" -- initially told FBI agents that her now-estranged husband Nathaniel had sent the ricin-tainted letters.
The New York library, a subscription library that was New York's first library open to the public, has known about the missing books since the 1930s.
HP has plans to produce another round of its TouchPad tablets before the year is out, despite its earlier decision to discontinue its mobile hardware products.
Former Gen.
More than 100 people have testified at his trial since it started in November, the government's Judicial Information Center said.
"If the U.S. is so sensitive about two of its spies and tries to free them, it should look at the way it treats other nationalities," he said in an interview Sunday with the semi-official Fars news agency.
The United States is preparing new sanctions against members of Bashar al-Assad's regime who are overseeing the violent crackdown, according to several senior U.S. officials with knowledge of the action.
PARIS, France (CNN) -- Debris from Air France 447, which crashed en route from Brazil to France last month, killing 228 people, has arrived in France, the French air accident investigation agency BEA said Wednesday.
Austin Tice, who was working as a freelancer for McClatchy and other news outlets, last contacted his family on August 13 while in Syria reporting on the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad's government.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien, on Wednesday night.
(CNN) -- Saudi Arabia's crown prince was convalescing Saturday in Morocco where he arrived this week after surgery for an undisclosed illness in New York City, the state-run Saudi Press Agency said.
Police arrested about 20 protesters -- including a U.S.
About 1,000 people gathered in New York City's Union Square on Saturday afternoon.
A total of 2,270 delegates have been elected from across the country to represent the CPC's 82 million members.
Some of the photographs only recently turned up, says Boyd.
Boyd's photographs, including many of the Beatles and Clapton, went on display at the San Francisco Art Exchange on Tuesday and will remain on exhibit until March 15.
The 30-year-old man and 26-year-old woman were reported missing when the Carnival Cruise ship Spirit docked in Sydney on Thursday morning, CNN affiliate Seven Network reported.
(PEOPLE.com) -- Ali Landry and her husband, director Alejandro Monteverde, welcomed their second child Saturday in Los Angeles -- a boy named Marcelo Alejandro -- the actress's rep tells PEOPLE exclusively.
Landry and Monteverde, 34, also have a daughter, 4-year-old Estela.
A bullet also grazed the ear of a 2-year-old in the house, and the toddler was sent to an area hospital, said Eberlein.
The mountainous Swat Valley region used to be a popular destination for tourists and skiers, but today it is a Taliban stronghold.
The Taliban are imposing their strict brand of Islamic law in the region -- banning music, forbidding men from shaving, and not allowing teenage girls to attend school.
Prosecutors say the penalty phase of the trial could last several days.
New York (CNN) -- A U.S.-born Muslim cleric and his son are exploring the possibility of legal action after they said they were prevented from traveling aboard an American Airlines flight from New York to Charlotte, North Carolina, their attorney says.
(CNN) -- The city councils in two of Arizona's largest cities have voted to file suit over the state's controversial new immigration law, which allows police to ask anyone for proof of legal U.S. residency.
But for now, the ICRC says hundreds of patients are in need of emergency treatment and evacuation to Vavuniya Hospital in the government-controlled area and has urged that humanitarian assistance be unhampered in the Vanni region.
Meanwhile, U.N.
Minnesota Gov.
Just 61 names have been currently put forth by President Obama in the new Congress, many of them renominated -- but never confirmed -- from the past two years.
"This is not the work of one individual but several individuals," he told CNN.
(EW.com) -- This weekend, "Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters" hunted down the No.
It is not clear where former Sen.
It is not clear where former Sen.
Ten U.S.
The new 10, 20, 50, 100 and 200 rand banknotes will co-exist with the current bills as legal tender.
Mandela, a Nobel peace laureate, spent 27 years in prison for fighting against racial segregation in South Africa.
Investigators have not determined a motive for the shooting.
The comments by conservative Sens.
"Cotton Club Parade" is a revue-style show that celebrates Ellington's reign at the famed Harlem nightclub through the '20s and '30s.
The U.S.
The Marine has tried to appeal to U.S. lawmakers like Hunter, one of several who have petitioned for his release.
Like its Music Genome Project, Pandora's Comedy Genome Project analyzes the content of each clip for style, content and deliver in order to figure out which comedians have similar delivers or joke about similar topics.
Some of the comedians that are now available on Pandora include Chris Rock, Jerry Seinfeld, Eddie Murphy, George Carlin, Mitch Hedberg and John Rivers, according to The New York Times.
Their reps gave no additional details, such as if a divorce filing is in the works.
In Yemen, deeply tribal and conservative, the issue of child marriage is an extremely complicated one.
CARDIFF, Wales -- Former Wales and British Lions center Ray Gravell has died of a suspected heart attack aged 56, the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has announced.
(CNN) -- The World Bank cut China's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent Wednesday, down a full percentage point from November's projection.
China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November as other major economies have struggled.
Shipowners, industrialists, artists and a handful of politicians and their relatives are among those named in the so-called "Lagarde list" published last week by Hot Doc.
An Athens court postponed until Thursday Vaxevanis's trial for allegedly violating the country's data protection laws.
Vaxevanis said that more than â‚¬13bn had moved through the accounts on the list between 1998 and 2007: "Our view is that some account-holders moved large amounts of black money through their HSBC account in Geneva to invest in foreign funds or deposit in safe havens elsewhere."
Syria and Israel have been involved in indirect talks in Turkey for the past few months.
"I couldn't save her.
Other Sonisphere festivals, including events in Poland, Spain and Swizterland, will go on as planned with Metallica as a headliner.
The Bo affair has already sparked China's most serious political crisis in decades and has revealed fissures in the top echelons of the normally opaque Communist Party.
(CNN) -- Dutch international Ryan Babel has threatened to leave English Premier League side Liverpool unless he is picked to play in more games by his manager Rafa Benitez.
Who do you think is the best striker in the world?
Matera is now a UNESCO World Heritage site, and picked as the 2019 European Capital of Culture.
"I'm astounded, really," South Carolina Republican Sen.
"I'm astounded, really," South Carolina Republican Sen.
"I'm astounded, really," South Carolina Republican Sen.
(CNN) -- Sen.
In recent days, Clinton has challenged Obama's ability to deliver on his rhetoric.
(CNN) -- The L.A.
A Philadelphia man claiming to be the "Jeffersons" actor's brother is challenging a will Hemsley signed a month before his death, according to the funeral home handling his arrangements.
"It is disgraceful," Hemsley's longtime partner Flora Enchinton told CNN affiliate KVIA-TV.
Attubato later learned that the pilot, Army Air Force Maj.
Most companies use it as the platform to set out their agenda for the year and give us a taste of the innovations we can expect to see, but there's a more practical reason why this show matters so much to the companies exhibiting there.
There is a brutal war going on right now for new smartphone and tablet customers, with Samsung and Apple winning.
Experts say the cases highlight how desperately many South Korean teenagers need a means to escape the bullying as well as a way to cope.
The company to dethrone here is Canon, the leader of the compact camera market.
The latest arrivals are the last of a group of political prisoners whose release was negotiated last year among the Cuban and Spanish governments and the Cuban Catholic church, the statement said.
The president's plans would shift some funding away from NASA's costly human space flight program to NASA's scientific programs, including robotic missions to other planets.
(CNN) -- Toulouse striker Andre-Pierre Gignac has been handed his first call-up to the France squad for their two World Cup qualifiers against Lithuania.
The U.N.
Founded by Italian surgeon Gino Strada, Emergency was first set up in Iraq in 1994.
The iOS update is scheduled to roll out this fall (which, not coincidentally, is around the time analysts expect a new iPhone to be introduced).
The potentially unlimited OMT program has created a rift between the ECB and Germany's central bank president Jens Weidmann, who says the measures pose a risk to euro-area stability.
(CNN) -- When Ryan Arnold died after donating a piece of his liver to his brother, Chad, his friends and family mourned the loss of a hero who risked his life to save his brother.
(CNN) -- Kurdish forces backed by U.S. air cover made gains Friday against ISIS fighters in Iraq's Mosul province as NATO leaders concluded a summit in Wales, pledging to help defeat the radical Islamic forces.
Officers who worked at the post during the past five years are under investigation, he said.
HAVANA, Cuba (CNN) -- The United States and Cuba should show some flexibility and take steps to improve relations, New Mexico Gov.
"Paper towns" were fake places added to maps by early mapmakers in order to dupe forgers into copying them, thereby exposing themselves to charges of copyright infringement.
The attack is spread via a "hilarious video" posted to Facebook walls, reports WebSense -- when clicked, a form appears requesting your Facebook login.
The U.S.
The U.S.
About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers have moved into the epicenter of Taliban activity in the region to counter their activities, officials said.
Authorities are looking for a silver or white Ford Explorer that was seen in the area at the time of the shooting, around 2 a.m.
But observers say don't expect an immediate influx of Cuban talent in the big leagues.
Among those killed in the protests was a dual Spanish-Venezuelan citizen, Wilder Carballo Amayo, who died last February from a gunshot wound to the head, a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said.
They found that players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men (only 6.7 percent of players had impaired fasting glucose compared to 15.5 percent of other men) and their cholesterol levels were essentially the same.
The study found that NFL athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other men-- regardless of the size of the player or his position.
Editor's note: The Rev.
The industrial action is over planned changes to cabin crew conditions, which British Airways says will save the carrier more than £60 million (approximately $90 million) a year.
Analysts also say that uncertainty about upcoming elections and high interest rates may also hamper growth in the market.
(CNN) -- Actress Lindsay Lohan will be featured in the January/February issue of Playboy, a spokeswoman for the magazine said Monday.
Robbie Levine died at age 9 after running the bases at a Little League game.
William Friedkin directed the film based on Pulitzer winner Tracy Letts' play.
Known for his deliberate delivery and pregnant pauses, Harvey's broadcasts were heard on more than 1,200 radio stations and 400 Armed Forces networks and his commentaries appeared in 300 newspapers, according to his Web site. iReport.com: Share your memories of Paul Harvey
Independent testing organization Consumer Reports carries out extensive tests on products, such as cars, gadgets and home furnishings.
Somali-based terror group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement, saying it was retaliation for mosque raids this week.
The land reform agreement is the first of six points that negotiators need to broker to reach a peace deal.
The Nazeris' music is based on the 13th-century Persian poet and philosopher Rumi.
(CNN) -- Jose Mourinho has admitted he was left angered by the decision to sell Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Barcelona, although the Inter Milan coach reveals he is delighted to welcome Samuel Eto'o to the San Siro.
Rep.
"It's definitely a reminder of the danger of the sport that we all love," Skydive Superior instructor Mike Robinson told CNN affiliate KQDS.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina -- Juan Roman Riquelme scored twice as Argentina beat Bolivia 3-0 to notch a third successive victory in the South American qualifiers for the 2010 World Cup on Saturday.
It's an interesting and unconventional approach to marketing the device, which is powered by Android 2.1 and features a whopping great big 4.0-inch AMOLED display.
(CNN) -- Kerry Kennedy, daughter of the late Sen.
No one was injured in the blast that damaged the building's front lobby, shattered a glass door and broke a window in a building across the street.
"It has snowed more than ever," Curacautin Mayor Jorge Saquel told CNN Chile Tuesday.
(CNN) -- Justin Rose is looking to repeat the feat of golfing legend Ben Hogan as he defends his U.S.
The children -- identified as 9-year-old Chloie Leverette and 7-year-old Gage Daniel -- were last seen Sunday around 6:30 p.m., approximately three hours before their home burned down, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, or TBI.
Do you know a hero?
Sgt.
James King said he set out on his own to look for Nadia Bloom on Tuesday, trusting that he was going in the right direction even when that meant through water or dense brush.
On Tuesday, a Virginia grand jury indicted Vick and the three co-defendants on state charges of running a dogfighting ring at the home.
And even as they tried to present a unified front at a press briefing Monday, it was clear that it's an area where U.S.
George is free on unconditional bail and is not barred from traveling as he awaits trial, his management said.
She was airlifted to a local hospital, where she died.
When an urgent need is identified, Robinson will send out a "Smoke Alarm" tweet that will be retweeted to the millions of Twitter followers of the celebrities who join his "Cause Swarm" group.
Abrams canon, the space invaders of this surprisingly thrill-less Moscow-set thriller are invisible for much of the film.
Not that we'll be too upset, as it's clear from early on that these characters are as indistinct and lazily rendered as the floating blobs chasing them.
"We need full disclosure by BP and the Coast Guard, so this never happens again," said Nungesser.
Homeowners who qualify for federal assistance in the six affected counties can receive up to $240,000 to repair or replace their homes and personal belongings.
New research indicates that "Double Falsehood," a play first published in 1728 by Lewis Theobald, was actually written more than a century earlier by Shakespeare himself with help from his friend John Fletcher.
The action takes place five years after the conclusion of "Borderlands" and introduces a new villain to the mix, Handsome Jack.
Bishop Thomas Tobin of Providence, Rhode Island, asked Monday, discussing his request that Rep.
The issue is considered much broader than a public rift between the two men.
(CNN) -- TV's Dr.
(CNN) -- Reclusive author J.D.
I'm in Ottery St.
Nearly half of the displaced people in the world are found in Africa, according to the United Nations.
Aid agencies have blasted some African countries for failing refugees and internally displaced people.
U.S.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
South Korean Noh Seung-yul has won the Malaysian Open by a single stroke from compatriot KJ Choi, after a dramatic finale saw him birdie the final hole to see him finish on 14-under-par.
Still, he ultimately emerges as more than just a sweaty beast who gave good pratfall.
Analysts say Samsung's handset sales are helping weaknesses in other businesses.
Experts also say the strengthening US dollar against the Korean won helps exports and the bottom line.
"We honestly and truly believe that this was a setup," said defense attorney George Farkas after sentencing.
The case came to light when four men were arrested and accused of trying to bribe the victim and her boyfriend to get them to drop the case against Weberman, a spokesman for the district attorney said.
Endeavour is scheduled to launch on its final mission to the International Space Station on April 19 at 7:48 p.m.
Interpol on Thursday issued a red notice -- an international wanted alert -- for Lewthwaite at Kenya's request.
Fran Drescher: We're going to go deeper into Fran being a single, middle-aged woman and what that's about, how difficult it may be, trying to make peace with the chapters in her life she may have missed and we'll meet Peter's brother and we're going to expose a part of my body in the premiere episode which has never been seen before.
"I think I wanted to learn about my father the same way he did," George Obama told me about why he read the book.
(CNN) -- After five and a half weeks in transit limbo, NSA leaker Edward Snowden was granted temporary one-year asylum in Russia on Thursday.
The suspect, Maj.
Sarkozy is the first European head of state to visit Haiti since the January 12 earthquake, Agence France-Presse reported.
More than 30 rail manufacturers have agreed to establish or expand U.S. operations if they are hired to work on the high-speed rail network, the administration said.
Until two years ago, Air India allowed an attendant's weight to vary within 6.6 pounds (3 kilograms) of a specified limit.
Spain will now face Portugal in the second round while Chile will play Brazil.
Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year?
Rumors of financial difficulties and health problems -- in 2008 he was photographed being pushed in a wheelchair -- have swirled around the famously eccentric star in recent years.
Do you know a hero?
London, England (CNN) -- Nigeria's Rotimi Babatunde has won the 2012 Caine Prize for African Writing for his short story Bombay's Republic.
Babatunde's story was chosen from 122 entries from 14 African countries.
The Â£10,000 ($15,700) Caine prize is awarded in memory of former Booker prize chairman Sir Michael Caine, to promote African writing in English and celebrate its diversity, largely unknown of by a wider international audience.
Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned for life last year after the U.S.
Refugees are renting out shops that once sold sweets and converting them into makeshift homes.
London (CNN) -- Margaret Thatcher was a giant in late 20th century British politics, in large part due to her revolutionary approach to the economy.
(CNN) -- Philippines Sen.
He said he would continue the fight started by his parents to promote democracy in the Philippines.
The women were among thousands of attendees at "Thriller Music Park," an event at Madrid Arena that featured electronic music artists and a costume contest.
Dr.
The mission was a test flight for Richard Branson's dream of affordable space travel and put his vision a step closer to reality, he said after watching the spaceship land.
Why?
"Today's ruling is a victory for all who stand in defense of life," Texas Gov.
The PlayStation Network -- which allows users to play games with friends around the world and download movies and games over the Internet -- went offline on April 20 after officials learned days before a hacker stole personal information from its 77 million users.
Wilson, 28, spent six years with the Ferguson Police Department before being placed on leave after the shooting on August 9.
If convicted, he could face up to 15 years in prison.
From now on, if your device doesn't have a 5-inch screen (or bigger), you're out of date.
The National People's Congress has said that the election of Hong Kong's top leader may be implemented by universal suffrage in 2017.
But will it happen without Beijing effectively screening the candidates?
Today, the TSA vets foreign student pilots against terror watch lists and conducts fingerprint-based criminal background checks, but it does not vet them against immigration databases, the GAO lead investigator said.
NASA deployed live webcams on the International Space Station in March, and UFO enthusiasts monitoring their live feeds online have nabbed unidentified flying objects scooting through Earth's orbit.
• "Teratoma" comes from the Greek word "teraton," meaning "monster".
MADRID, Spain -- Barcelona's Brazil forward Ronaldinho was granted dual nationality by Spain on Monday, the Primera Liga club said.
The three U.S.
On Thursday, Gov.
Diabetes is caused when there is too much glucose or sugar in the body.
Type 1 diabetes was once known as juvenile diabetes because it's usually diagnosed in children and young adults.
EW has learned exclusively that Lee Majors has booked a two-episode guest spot on the second season of TNT's hit reboot drama.
He will play Ken Richards, an old flame of Sue Ellen's who finds himself crossing paths with her once again for business matters.
Washington (CNN) -- Sen.
"We cannot keep asking the military to perform mission after mission with a sequestration and military cuts hanging over their heads," GOP Rep.
Dating in the digital era can be a rocky road, but in the forthcoming airing of "Inside Man," Morgan Spurlock looks to redefine the road trip.
Fernandez, 58, has said her second presidential term will be dedicated to her late husband's memory.
Their research was partially funded by a multimillion dollar National Institutes of Health grant, according to a criminal complaint.
He is in good condition at a Pensacola hospital after a metal rod was placed inside his shattered left leg.
The justices heard an hour of lively debate about the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals.
The more Paul rises, the more he needs to temper his rhetoric and fine-tune his message (especially given the kind of baggage he carries).
London (CNN) -- England soccer captain John Terry will be charged with racially abusing another player, the UK's Crown Prosecution Service said Wednesday.
Terry will appear before magistrates in west London on February 1, 2012, she added.
Much to the villagers' disgust, decorated combat veteran Army Staff Sgt.
Sgt.
A New Zealand man finds confidential U.S. military files on a used MP3 player he bought at a thrift store for $9.
Berlin (CNN) -- A German man sent to prison over an incestuous relationship with his sister has lost his case that the conviction violated his right to a private and family life at the European Court of Human Rights.
China rejects accusations of oppression of Tibetans, saying its rule has greatly improved living standards for the Tibetan people.
Her death, at age 48, was the final chapter of a storied career that began with the nurturing by superstar cousin Dionne Warwick, soared in the 1980s and 1990s with one record-setting achievement after another, stalled as her drug use and marriage to Bobby Brown made for tabloid fodder and was on the rebound with a highly anticipated star turn.
Her death, at age 48, was the final chapter of a storied career that began with the nurturing by superstar cousin Dionne Warwick, soared in the 1980s and 1990s with one record-setting achievement after another, stalled as her drug use and marriage to Bobby Brown made for tabloid fodder and was on the rebound with a highly anticipated star turn.
The article also reveals that while Soderbergh's producing partner Greg Jacobs will direct the "on-the-road adventure," the retired director will still be the director of photography and camera operator, as well as the film editor.
The Yemeni militants were smuggled into Sinai from Sudan among groups of African migrants who have been sold to Bedouin who traffic refugees into Israel for cash, said Ibrahim Al Menei, a Bedouin leader from the Swarkeh tribe who has spearheaded a committee of hundreds of men to curb the illegal trafficking of Africans through the Sinai.
The Wall Street Journal reports that Apple is experimenting with iPhone screen sizes larger than the current four inches while also trying out larger iPads with a gigantic 13-inch display.
The California-based tech giant has failed to launch any new products in the last three months and Gabay believes rivals, notably Korean-technology company Samsung, are starting to gain ground with models such as the Galaxy S4 providing a cheaper alternative.
The Navy SEAL unit that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden last year in Pakistan participated in the rescue mission, a U.S. official said, without specifying whether any of the same individuals were on both assaults.
German champions Bayern are looking to become the first team to defend the European Cup in the post-1992 Champions League era.
22 Italian service members have been killed in the Afghan conflict.
There are currently 42,000 non-U.S.
Peruvian officials have demanded their return for at least seven years and filed a civil lawsuit against the university in April 2009 in the U.S.
Bulger, 82, has pleaded not guilty to all charges against him, including 19 murder counts.
Five more officers -- Santa Barbara County deputies -- were injured, including one who was hit in the face with a brick, and two hit in the hand with bottles, the sheriff said.
The agricultural sector of Soma -- the farmer's region -- has been deeply impacted by the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant.
"We are all in the same situation.
Both were comrades-in-arms some four years ago when a massive anti-graft movement swept the country.
Bachner was arrested after accepting a small amount of tetrodotoxin delivered by an undercover federal official at his home, the FBI said.
CNN was the only news agency present at the meeting.
And creator Russell T.
MELBOURNE, Australia -- Serbian third seed Novak Djokovic claimed a dramatic triumph at the Australian Open when he defeated unseeded Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 4-6 6-4 6-3 7-6 in Sunday's final.
MELBOURNE, Australia -- Serbian third seed Novak Djokovic claimed a dramatic triumph at the Australian Open when he defeated unseeded Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 4-6 6-4 6-3 7-6 in Sunday's final.
Sugarland's representative said the group would offer no comment about the lawsuit.
Obada Mzaik, a dual American and Syrian citizen, went missing on January 3 after he traveled with his brother on a flight from Detroit to Damascus, his uncle, Dr.
All U.S.
When golfers have mobility limitations in their mid back or hips, they compensate with their low back and knees, which not only hampers play but often leads to pain and injury.
Washington (CNN) -- History shows that second terms in the White House can be much tougher than first ones, and that is proving true so far for President Barack Obama.
"It looks like there's been a little war zone around here," Tammi Hart told CNN affiliate KTUL.
Pentobarbital is an anesthetizing drug widely used to euthanize dogs, cats and other animals.
(CNN) -- World No.
A federal appeals court allowed four states to prohibit same-sex unions -- a decision that could force the U.S.
Bud is the second named tropical storm of the East Pacific hurricane season.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert P.
More than 20,000 foreigners have gone to fight for ISIS, the terror group that controls portions of Iraq and Syria, experts have told Congress.
Police said they had no immediate "clear suspicions" as to whether the kidnapping was carried out by Boko Haram or criminal groups.
"It's like a piece of history, a time capsule," Emin said.
He was sentenced to serve five years on probation and complete 100 hours of community service, Gerri Badden, a spokeswoman for the US attorney in Portland.
She and Nina Pham -- the other Dallas nurse who was discharged from a National Institutes of Health facility in Maryland on Friday -- are differ from the handful of other U.S.
The military on Friday promoted Lt.
"When I went back to Ethiopia, I wanted to do something.
Kansas Sen.
House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) said Obama is willing to "unilaterally rewrite the law" because he is "so eager to bring these terrorists" into the country.
President Bush nominated Lt.
By law women are excluded from combat jobs, the typical path to four-star rank in the military.
Steven Spielberg had planned to make the film adaptation of the novel Robopocalypse with Anne Hathaway this summer, with a date already set for April 24, 2014.
Drew Goddard, who wrote Cloverfield and penned "Cabin in the Woods" with Joss Whedon, had drafted a script for the story, in which a high-functioning artificial intelligence turns against mankind and wages all-out war to wipe us off the planet.
Capt.
(CNN) -- African champions TP Mazembe Englebert are through to the semifinals of the World Club Cup in Abu Dhabi after a 1-0 victory over Mexican side Pachuca.
Several U.S.
December marks 40 years of diplomatic relations between Australia and the People's Republic but as Packer and the Australian Premier Julia Gillard similarly bemoan, Australians still tend to see China through a historical lens as predatory and alien with its cheap labor an abiding economic threat.
No tsunami warnings were issued in the quake's immediate aftermath.
The region is located along the Pacific "ring of fire," an area of high seismic and volcanic activity stretching from New Zealand in the South Pacific up through Japan, across to Alaska and down the west coasts of North and South America.
Freeh's 267-page report was released in July and blamed Spanier, legendary football coach Joe Paterno, suspended Athletic Director Tim Curley and ex-Vice President Gary Schultz with taking part in a coverup to avoid bad publicity.
Two humanitarian workers were killed Friday in Yemen.
(CNN) -- Riccardo Ricco has been suspended by his Dutch-based Vacansoleil cycling team amid claims that the Italian gave himself a blood transfusion.
Wittels produced, wrote and occasionally appeared in episodes of "Parks and Recreation," a comedy following the exploits of a parks department employee on her one-woman mission to put her small Indiana town on the map.
Thousands of people reached out through CNN's iReport Web page, posting pictures of missing loved ones and asking anyone with information to contact them.
(CNN) -- Virginia Gov.
Dutch striker Ruud van Nistelrooy has joined Hamburg on a free transfer from Real Madrid, the German Bundesliga club have confirmed.
Hamburg coach Bruno Labbadia revealed he was pleased to capture the former Manchester United striker and is confident he will find the net regularly for the club.
The deadline for nominations is 17 December 2014.
(Rolling Stone) -- The Morrissey fan site True to You has reported that the singer recently sustained hand and arm injuries after being attacked by a dog.
Despite the injury, Morrissey will roll on with his European tour, which will resume with a show tonight at the Operaen in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Japan will spend about $49 billion on defense in the fiscal year to March 2015 -- up about 3% from the previous year -- in the face of what it says is a worsening security environment in the region.
Under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Japan is becoming more assertive about its defense posture, and is looking to upgrade its military over the next four years with bigger helicopter carriers, more anti-submarine patrol aircraft, surveillance drones, better amphibious warfare capability, and first deliveries in 2018 of its new fifth-generation fighter, the U.S.-made F35 Joint Strike Fighter.
Susan, aka "Ginormica," has to save the world in "Monsters vs.
(CNN) -- Portugal will face Bosnia and Herzegovina for a place in Euro 2012 after the pair were drawn together in the playoffs to reach the finals in Poland and Ukraine next year.
More than 1,000 veterans may have died in the last decade because of malpractice or lack of care from Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers, a new report issued by the office of Sen.
Border Patrol agents who were assisting in the apprehension of suspected illegal immigrants were killed Thursday when their vehicle was struck by a train, officials said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- China has canceled or postponed several military exchanges with the U.S. in reaction to last week's announcement that the U.S. is selling weapons to Taiwan, a Defense Department spokesman said Monday.
Military officials will determine if there is enough evidence to court martial Pfc.
Holmes' civilian lawyer, Dan Conway, has said his client did not kill any civilian and was ordered by his supervisor, Gibbs, to keep a human finger.
The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Roland S.
Police told CNN they began investigating the Nejloveanus after a social worker became concerned for the welfare of one of the women working at the Shangri-La massage parlor in October 2008.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says the immigration problem is being dealt with.
China's rapid economic growth over the past three decades has expanded the size of China's cities and towns.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (CNN) -- A cruise ship carrying 122 people was stranded Thursday on the coast of Antarctica after striking ice, officials said.
Rep.
"I saw winning the lottery as the only way out," he wrote.
"Britney Jean" has been promoted as her most personal disc yet, and the E!
He's among some 300,000 expectant dads who have turned to Boot Camp for New Dads, a program now in 45 states as well as Britain, Canada, Italy and Japan.
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (CNN) -- Hugh Masekela is the legendary South African musician whose songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid.
More than 8,000 Syrians have fled their country for Turkey to escape violence, including a military offensive in the Jisr al-Shugur area.
In fact, 70% of Walker's donations in the last month came from outside Wisconsin -- hundreds of thousands of contributors large and small from all over the country.
"This is what we have to do now," Jean-Fritznel St.
Devyani Khobragade was arrested and strip searched by federal agents in New York City in December after federal authorities accused Khobragade of lying on a visa application about how much she paid her housekeeper.
The study was conducted by specialists from the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
(CNN)England has banned smoking in cars where children are present -- a law that will come into force from October 1, with offenders facing a fine of £50 ($77).
Saudi Arabia is the UK's largest trading partner in the Middle East.
The October 31 letter from Adm.
The claim has not been verified by an independent body.
A dissident commander of the Sudan People's Liberation Army, or SPLA, Athor rebelled after losing a gubernatorial election in the spring of 2010.
(EW.com) -- In the Day 1 press conference to open the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, Robert Redford struck back at a conservative Utah group that suggested last week that the state should reconsider its funding of Sundance because the festival's liberal leanings did not reflect the state's values.
The trio also discussed the Institute's national and international outreach, seemingly doubling down on its "cultural exchange" in London but slamming the door on rumors that Sundance had eyes on a Brooklyn-based outpost.
Abu Dujana is the alleged leader of the military wing of Jemaah Islamiyah, a group that is thought to be linked to al Qaeda.
Dujana, a slight, wiry man, is accused of direct involvement in the Bali nightclub bombings of 2002 that killed more than 200, mostly Western, tourists.
Previous rumors said that Apple will show no new devices, and that the event will center around Apple's new partnerships with textbook publishers.
For years, India did not recognise patents on drugs, which allowed India's generics drugs industry to flourish -- and become the prime supplier of affordable generic drugs to many developing countries.
In a statement issued following the ruling, Novartis called the decision "a setback for patients that will hinder medical progress for diseases without effective treatment options".
Novartis has threatened that if it lost the case, it would not introduce its newest generation of medicines to India.
- The average child collects an estimated 3,500 and 7,000 calories on Halloween night, according to Dr.
Kitterman was found bound, blindfolded and fatally stabbed in a car in the district, formally known as the International Zone, on May 22.
A British nanotech company has created what it says is the world's darkest material.
Cecilia died of a heatstroke after being left in the car for nearly eight hours.
"Do not confront this person, notify law enforcement," urged FBI Special Agent Daniel McMullen, who added that the suspect should be considered armed and dangerous.
The soldiers are among 12 service members who brought prostitutes to hotel rooms just prior to a visit by President Barack Obama to the city for the Summit of the Americas.
In other words, a high proportion of ads are pitching soda, snacks, and other junk foods loaded with calories, sugar, sodium, and fat.
The relationship between TV commercials and unhealthy eating may be more pronounced on the biggest football day of the year, but it's simply an exaggerated version of what has become a part of everyday life.
Historians know that Washington paid to see exotic and rare animals throughout his life including a lioness and a tiger.
(EW.com) -- AMC has ordered two new drama pilots with sky-high concepts and historical settings from producers of well-known shows.
House Speaker John Boehner said Rep.
The cholera epidemic in Zimbabwe resulted in nearly 100,000 cases, 4,288 of them fatal, the U.N. said.
The high court's decision will determine whether politically charged documentaries can be regulated by the government in the same way as traditional campaign commercials.
Washington (CNN) -- The political scandal involving vendettas and traffic jams ensnarling New Jersey Gov.
"Would I do it again?
GDL programs are now in place in one form or another in all 50 states plus the District of Columbia.
His main rival is the current Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai, who helped form the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) in 1999.
Take all of these with a grain of salt as Apple has been monolithically silent about the matter, as always.
Prosecutors said the tape was recorded last winter when Hutaree members were driving to Kentucky for a meeting with other militias but were forced to turn back due to bad weather.
Defense attorneys dismissed the tape as just talk -- words protected under freedom of speech.
ROME, Italy (CNN) -- The Vatican says it has ordered a controversial bishop who denies the Holocaust to "distance himself" from his views "in an absolutely unequivocal and public manner."
Washington (CNN) -- Texas Gov.
Kevin Ward Jr. started young, loved to race
"China suffers a serious lack of balance, co-ordination and sustainability in its development," President Hu Jintao said in a recent speech.
Final polls ahead of Sunday's vote suggest the AKP is heading for another victory, but this is not a straightforward election.
United States striker Abby Wambach won the FIFA Women's World Player of the Year award for the first time while her former coach, Pia Sundhage, who led the U.S. to its second Olympic gold medal at London 2012, was named Women's Coach of the Year.
As for events, San Diego was chosen to host the 2012 World Beer Cup -- the "Olympics of Beer" -- and San Diego Beer Week draws crowds from all over to celebrate 10 days of tastings, pairings and live music.
The lower price means the football club and its owners will raise around $234m from the sale of 16.7m shares.
When the shares start trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday under the symbol MANU, it will mark the biggest sports listing on record, surpassing World Wrestling Federation's $190m IPO in 1999, according to Thomson Reuters.
The president also pledged to provide more support to Ugandan athletes and build a high altitude training facility for future runners.
Adam Lanza burst into the Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14, 2012 armed with a semiautomatic Bushmaster .223 caliber rifle and two handguns.
A BMI between 18.5 and 24.9 indicates a normal weight; a BMI between 25 and 29.9 indicates a person is overweight; and a BMI of 30 or above indicates obesity.
(CNN) -- Mohammed Bdaiwi, the Baghdad bureau chief of Radio Free Iraq, was shot and killed Saturday in Baghdad, police said.
The very young and the elderly are more likely to have a severe case, according to the U.S.
Iran already faces U.N.
Editor's note: A nationally syndicated columnist, Roland S.
(CNN) -- Texas billionaire Allen Stanford was taken into custody Thursday night on a fraud-related charge in Stafford, Virginia, the FBI said.
The storm was part of a slow-moving front that struck parts of the Northeast before moving south.
"If ISIS goes, another radical organization may come in," he said.
But Sloan says she's willing to accept the risks -- to roll the dice now that her doctors have tried everything else they can to save her life, including multiple rounds of surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation since she was first diagnosed with cancer in 2007.
The U.S.
(CNN) -- Since China adopted a "managed float" of the renminbi (RMB) in 2005, the RMB has appreciated in real terms by over 20 per cent against the U.S. dollar.
China opposes the bill, warning that it "seriously violates rules of the World Trade Organization and obstructs China-U.S. trade ties."
Investigators found prescription vials in the vehicle and a suicide note inside the house.
New Jersey Gov.
They were Lance Cpl.
Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months, often pitting Sunnis -- a minority in Iraq -- against Shiite Muslims, who came to dominate the government after Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003.
Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is battling for a third term in office but faces fierce opposition from political opponents, with sectarian violence at its most intense in more than five years.
Cairo (CNN)Egypt's highest court has accepted the appeal of three jailed journalists who work for Al Jazeera and granted them a retrial, the journalists' lawyers said Thursday.
The coming weeks ahead will be the toughest for these countries in the Sahel -- the stretch of African countries including Niger, Chad, Mali and Mauritania -- as they make their way into the rainy season and scrape by with the little food they have since last year's harvest, officials said.
The red phone is an icon of the Cold War that was first established after the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Retired Army Col.
(CNN) -- Rock singer Sammy Hagar, a little older since his Van Halen days but still featuring bountiful blond curls, touted single moms, family and sex Monday night on the premiere of HLN's "Dr.
"She is (a) fully qualified, highly trained, combat ready pilot, and she led the mission," Yousef Al Otaiba told MSNBC's "Morning Joe."
It was the first meeting between U.S. and North Korean officials since the December death of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and the transition in leadership to his son Kim Jong Un.
Known for wearing bow ties, suspenders and having a clipped beard, Koop is survived by his wife, three children and eight grandchildren.
Then-Sen. and now Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the same in 2007: "People say we're not fighting for oil.
Rules have tightened up against dangerous play to curb stray boots and flying fists.
More than $85 billion in automatic, government-wide spending cuts took effect on Friday night.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Apparently, no one was looking up "SOPA" on Wikipedia.
While most of the oil wells are in the south, the pipelines and port to export the oil are in the north.
South Sudan halted oil production in late January after accusing Sudan of stealing $815 million worth of its crude.
Divers are still searching the submerged vessel for the missing people, braving frigid waters, strong currents and corridors clogged with debris.
But as the days wore on, more and more began to voice their frustration about the lack of information.
Four tribesmen from the Arab Rizeigat tribe were killed in the clashes Sunday in Dayeen district, state-run Ashorooq TV reported, citing a district official.
The fighting was part of an outbreak of violence over the weekend that killed as many as 54 people on Saturday, according to Ashorooq.
As it turns out, dim memories and a new generation of pop culture consumers work to the great advantage of "21 Jump Street" the movie: What this fast, cheeky, and very funny interpretation of the original premise sacrifices in teachable moments, it makes up for in intelligent giddiness.
Todashev's family has disputed that he posed any threat to the law enforcement officers and agents in his apartment.
U.S.
The Pachecos found some relief with the help of Dr.
(CNN) -- Former Haitian first lady Mirlande Manigat will face popular musician Michel Martelly in the second round of presidential elections in Haiti, the electoral commission announced Thursday.
Johnson worked up until his death, signing autographs over the holidays, said Eisenstadt.
At least 116 cases of listeria have been reported in 25 states, the agency said.
Mexico enacted a law Friday that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drugs, including marijuana, heroin, cocaine and LSD.
"They poked me five times.
This video shows even more: Commanding the headset is as easy as uttering the words "OK, Glass," a clever use of real-world speech to engage the device's listening mode.
Google also launched a contest with its own hashtag (#ifihadglass), challenging anyone to come up with creative uses for Google Glass that can be explained in 50 words or fewer.
The crowd formed just hours after the U.S.
China and North Korea have slammed a U.N. report that found crimes against humanity committed in the reclusive Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Rep.
(CNN) -- Three aid workers have been shot over the last day in Somalia, two of them fatally, Somali media reports said.
(RollingStone.com) -- After months of rumors, it's finally official: Max Weinberg won't be going with Conan O'Brien to Conan's new show on TBS.
Admirers poured into the streets of Prague Sunday night with candles and flowers in memory of Havel, people on the scene said.
But Sens.
(CNN) -- After surviving a near-fatal car accident, Kaitlin Hunter found herself battling a devastating bacterial infection in her colon that also threatened her life.
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- Tyler Perry is known today as the first African-American to own a major film and TV studio.
The 2011 U.S.
Zimbabwe's government maintains that the situation is being exaggerated by the West in an effort to exert pressure on President Robert Mugabe to leave office.
India is now one of the fastest growing markets for chicken in the world.
The White House released a statement about the allegations saying that the U.S. is "deeply concerned by reports" that chemical weapons were used" and that officials are "working urgently to gather additional information."
Elsewhere, Nadal Djokovic battled to a 6-3 3-6 2-6 7-5 6-3 win over compatriot Viktor Troicki in his opening game.
Marcos Baghdatis succumbed to a shock defeat to Arnaud Clement of France -- losing 6-3 2-6 1-6 6-4 7-5 at the Louis Armstrong Stadium -- while David Nalbandian and Fernando Verdasco both booked their tickets to the second round.
Poland has been a success story amongst the transition economies, proving resilient to the cold winds of recession which have swept across Europe.
The EU Flag flying outside the factory reflects Placek's ambitious outlook for the business.
If you rely on iCal, you don't have to switch to Google Calendar It's enough to learn a new phone -- but it's even harder if you feel like this change means you also have to abandon lots of other tools you've come to rely on.
Accept that you'll have to let go of some treasured tools For years my main productivity tool has been OmniFocus -- pricey but excellent task-management software with a pricey but excellent iPhone app.
Washington (CNN) -- The suicide bomber who killed seven CIA officials and a Jordanian military officer last week in Afghanistan was a Jordanian double-agent, a former U.S. intelligence official told CNN Monday.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- The Iraqi government says it has banned all organized visits to Saddam Hussein's grave amid concern over support for the late dictator's former party.
However, the move reflects the concern of Iraq's government over the presence of the Baath Party in Iraq, Saddam Hussein's political movement.
Ricin is a poison that can be made from waste left over after processing castor beans, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Nine foreigners were abducted in June while apparently on a picnic in Saada Province.
"What could possibly go wrong?"
Chao said Sina has been working to set up a "credibility system," which would rate Weibo posts.
Video: Ansah explains the secrets of a great on-screen fight
Enter: Wot Went Wrong, a brand-new service that allows you to send a virtual comment card to your ex asking, well, "'Wot' went wrong?'"
Crowded Room is an Android/iPhone app that allows you to meet up with like-minded people as you go about your business each day.
Editor's note: Julian E.
Stevens was charged in 2004 with violating interstate commerce laws by selling depictions of animal cruelty.
It's also unclear what the 45-year-old Shia Muslim from Australia's Victoria state said or did to get arrested.
To quash what he described as "irrational fear," New York Gov.
Humanitarian groups say as many as 250,000 unprotected civilians are trapped in the area where the fighting is taking place, and the onslaught has intensified as government forces have closed in on the rebels.
English Premier League side City had been linked with a move for the 33-year-old midfielder who has a stop-start career at the San Siro since his move from Juventus.
Meanwhile Juan Sebastian Veron has rejected the chance to join City after the experienced midfielder admitted that he intends to see out his playing career at Argentinean club Estudiantes.
Longtime New York Rep.
The Article 32 hearing began Monday at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state to determine if a trial is warranted for U.S.
(CNN) -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter has apologized for his remarks about gay fans attending the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
In 1971, the first "Our Bodies, Ourselves" book sold 250,000 copies.
In August, Time magazine named "Our Bodies, Ourselves" one of the best nonfiction books since 1923.
(CNN) -- Unfashionable Blackpool will be rubbing shoulders with the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea next season after beating Cardiff City 3-2 in the Championship playoff final at Wembley on Saturday.
At issue are General Electric CF6-45/50 series jet engines, older engines found on a small number of jets.
Overall I found this computer to be a refreshing approach to computing in the cloud, thanks to its hi-def screen and wicked fast computing power.
Sahil was in good condition, said Aslam Tareen, the head of the regional police.
They reportedly demanded a ransom of 10 million rupees ($118,000).
Sixteen-year-old Jessica Watson of Australia plans to sail solo around the world
Butler began franchising Denny's in 1963 and introduced its signature Grand Slam breakfast in Atlanta in 1977.
The original Waffle House opened on Labor Day 1955 on East College Avenue in Decatur, Georgia.
(CNN) -- Retired U.S.
(CNN) -- Germany captain Michael Ballack has suffered a fractured left knee cap following a heavy challenge while playing for Bayer Leverkusen against Hanover on Saturday.
The threat of oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill kept many tourists away from beach communities last year.
In order to put a heart-stake in this perennial bugaboo, we traveled to Texas to visit with Dr.
Mark Hotton, 46, of West Islip, New York, admitted to defrauding the producers of the yet-to-open show in 2011 and 2012 by creating fake foreign investors and businesses, according to a release from the U.S.
Less than six months later, that number dwindled to just over 40%.
The three Americans were hiking in northern Iraq's mountainous Kurdish region in July 2009 when they were arrested by Iranian border guards, after apparently straying into Iranian territory.
Based on this data, it looks like it'll be roughly October 2012 before smartphones actually take over as a majority of U.S. handsets.
Utah Gov.
(CNN) -- When Yuki Izumoto developed ugly white patches on her neck, hands and face nearly a year ago, her dermatologist had no answers for her.
Skin whitening is a near obsession for some women in many Asia countries, with both local and Western brands selling a variety of products designed to evenly lighten skin tone.
Ringwald doesn't have a project to promote; "Secret Life" is in the middle of its fourth season, and though she's working on a jazz album, it won't be released until next spring.
The incident marks the latest labor discontent in the nation's mining heartland in the northwest.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A U.S. government panel listed 13 countries Friday as "egregious" violators of religious freedom.
"Dungeons and Dragons" spawned video games, novels, a cartoon, and a movie.
The third generation of the Kim dynasty pledges to build on his family's legacy.
Recently released Bush administration memos showed Justice Department officials argued that waterboarding, sleep deprivation and other coercive practices did not violate U.S. laws against torture.
Spread of the H1N1 virus is entering an "acceleration period," WHO official says.
Capt.
CBS is planning "CSI" and "CSI: NY" cross-over episodes for February sweeps.
"CSI" will kick things off on Wednesday, Feb.
The strategy is the latest in a series of CBS crossovers, such as last season's "NCIS: LA" crossover with "Hawaii Five-0."
"I could understand how it might seem ungrateful if I got this lunch for free.
The letter had a Memphis, Tennessee, postmark and no return address, Gainer wrote in an e-mail to senators and aides.
Ricin is a highly toxic substance derived from castor beans.
Sandusky was convicted in 2012 of 45 counts of child sex abuse against 10 boys.
The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Joan E.
ocean, atmospheric and space agencies affirmed on Friday what the planet has been telling us every way it knows how: 2014 was the hottest year since record keeping began in 1880.
Agathe Habyarimana was arrested at her French home Tuesday morning and is scheduled to appear in court later in the day, said a deputy prosecutor who declined to give his name because he is not authorized to speak about the matter.
Dr.
"The U.S. market has been a very interesting market for us because it's been used in a different way."
Elie Wiesel called on the federal government to bail out charities just as it has bailed out carmakers and banks.
It's no accident, then, that China's public health authorities are now proactively targeting small towns and villages, taking throat swabs from live food dealers and their customers in wet markets where the rough and ready food culture provides a perfect environment for viruses -- such as H7N9 bird flu -- to flourish.
About a quarter of holiday shoppers plan to buy virtual gifts this year, according to a research report from e-commerce provider Elastic Path.
Cher has taken to Twitter to defend her son Chaz Bono's decision to join "Dancing With the Stars" as the series' first transgendered contestant.
Liam Neeson's "Taken 2" kicked its way back into the top slot for a second weekend with an estimated $22.5 million, and Ben Affleck's political thriller "Argo" and the Ethan Hawke horror flick "Sinister" were close second and third, respectively.
But Maradona says the Serie A club should have paid the taxes.
Sen.
Germans have always oscillated between fascination with and scepticism of American politics, but they have still emulated the most successful U.S.
Earlier this week China's state media reported that police arrested dozens in an alleged child trafficking ring that sold at least 52 babies.
CERN's next ambition is to create a beam of antimatter which they hope will allow them to unpeel more of the mysteries surrounding it.
Sugar sweetened beverage consumption has increased significantly over the past several decades.
Men consume on average 178 calories per day from sugar sweetened beverages and women consume 103 calories per day.
Soda often displaces more healthful items in the diet and is a warning sign of a poor quality diet.
Morsy told the American delegation he is committed to respecting religions, and to the principle of freedom of belief and religious practice.
At the box office, 1994's "The Lion King" was re-released in 3-D in September, and we can now expect 1991's "Beauty and the Beast" and 1989's "The Little Mermaid" to be theatrically re-released in 3-D as well.
Indeed, Nickelodeon's TeenNick launched its '90s programming block in response to consumer demand.
It seems that while the kids have grown up, a lot of the culture that surrounds them hasn't.
Editor's note: The Rev.
All member states have to ratify the treaty before it can be adopted.
The U.S. military failed to "maintain complete inventory records for an estimated 87,000 weapons -- or about 36 percent -- of the 242,000 weapons that the United States procured and shipped to Afghanistan from December 2004 through June 2008," a U.S.
Now Google plans to use a network of high-flying balloons to deliver low-cost Internet access to remote and under-served places around the world.
The Loon balloons are strategically positioned on stratospheric winds and controlled by complex algorithms and computing power on the ground.
Kashmiri, a veteran jihadist, is considered one of the most dangerous men in the world by counterterrorism officials on three continents.
Bilal Abdulla and Mohammed Asha, both doctors, are charged with conspiracy to murder and conspiracy to cause explosions.
Under the terms of the agreement GSK will acquire the total share capital of Stiefel for $2.9 billion.
He died at home Wednesday surrounded by his family and loved ones, his daughter, Felicia Taylor, said in a statement.
(CNN) -- Legendary Austrian skier Hermann Maier has ended his illustrious career at the age of 36 despite having recovered from knee surgery.
Apple has been given 21 days to appeal against the UK ruling.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- It isn't clear whether the United States will ever be able to declare victory in Iraq, the top U.S.
Its residents are accused of using culture and heritage to discriminate against black people.
Fort Hood, Texas (CNN) -- Pvt.
Despite his injury, Foster, who has a wife and two young children, said he still plans to deploy to Afghanistan in January.
(CNN) -- Flooding and resulting landslides killed 137 people Thursday and Friday in this nation's northern provinces, including Baguio City, Benguet Province and Mountain Province, the Office of Civil Defense in Cordillera said Friday.
Roshan's death shows that "the global arrogance spearheaded by the U.S. and Zionism has reached a deadlock in confrontation with the determined, devout and progressive nation of Islamic Iran," Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was quoted as saying by the state-run Press TV.
It's not only the most-watched "Duck Dynasty" episode ever, it's A&E's most-watched telecast ever and ranks as cable's biggest reality show telecast so far this year.
Thanks to its debut on IMAX (and the premium ticket prices that come with it), "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" came in second with $17.7 million, a soft 40 percent drop from last weekend for $255.5 million total.
"It's a damn shame," Maryland Gov.
Shasta is one of three northern California counties for which Gov.
The untitled project stars Lawrence as a widowed father of two teenagers who, after losing his job in construction, decides to go to the police academy and become a cop at the age of 46.
Army Chief of Staff Gen.
The debate over the potential effects of food dyes has been simmering since the 1970s.
(CNN) -- Lionel Messi has been crowned world footballer of the year for a third successive time after claiming FIFA's Ballon d'Or award at a ceremony in Zurich.
[Original post] Do you know where this photo was taken?
The Vatican vehemently denied the allegations Saturday.
Dr.
Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN) -- With 10 American Baptist missionaries in Haiti now charged with kidnapping for attempting to take 33 children out of the country, U.S.
(CNN) -- Union organizers in the South suffered a setback Friday when workers at the Volkswagen plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee, voted against being represented by the United Auto Workers.
The vote was 712 against the union and 626 in favor.
Reed also appeared in the 2000 movie "Bring it On" as Jenelope, a feisty cheerleader from East Compton.
Investigators looking into his business dealings for possible securities violations requested the temporary restraining order in Hamilton County Superior Court, said Jim Gavin, spokesman for the Indiana Secretary of State.
He is wanted by the International Criminal Court in the Netherlands to stand trial on those charges.
Earlier this month, a test conducted by the Leviathan Security Group showed that even "no-permissions" Android apps can access potentially sensitive data on your phone -- and transmit that data elsewhere via your phone's Web browser.
The best practice is still to notice which permissions apps require before installing them, don't install apps that seem to require too many permissions, and report to the developer any suspicious activity by an app.
Police say they have found a video online of Magnotta committing the murder in Montreal.
Washington (CNN) -- Mo Elleithee was a senior spokesman for Hillary Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign but he says his new job as communications director for the Democratic National Committee has nothing to do with his former boss' plans for 2016.
Former Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi's resignation Sunday came a day after three people were killed during protests in the capital, Tunis.
@oliviawilde: Woohoo!!
(CNN) -- Attorneys for imprisoned former football great O.J.
The protesters insist they are not opposed to democracy but want wide-ranging reform to clean up Thai politics and root out corruption before elections are held.
He visited the U.S. at least four times
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Anna Nicole Smith's former bodyguard, who accused Howard K.
Independent tests by multiple publications, including Wired.com, have found that AT&T's network is faster, while Verizon's is more reliable with phone calls.
The rest of Metrico's results tell the story we've already heard: The AT&T iPhone's download speeds are about double the mean download speed of Verizon's.
On the international stage, Russia has been excluded from the G8 group of industrialized nations.
Michael Jackson's Hollywood Walk of Fame star is on the sidewalk in front of the theater.
Not a single woman in the United States expressed a preference for spanking.
J.
The U.N. efforts to deal with the Yemen crisis coincide with the ongoing initiative of the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council, or the GCC -- a coalition of Gulf Arab nations working to ease tensions between Yemen's government of Ali Abdullah Saleh and a restive opposition.
The Canadian singer-rapper introduced his melancholy-player persona on 2010's platinum "Thank Me Later," spooling out alarmingly mellow confessional brags over synth-streaked tracks that suggested someone had spiked his Cristal with NyQuil and truth serum.
The newest Medal of Honor recipient, former Army Staff Sgt.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Former Major League Baseball star Lenny Dykstra was charged Thursday with two counts of indecent exposure for allegedly exposing himself to women he solicited on Craigslist.
Fans of the wildly popular AMC series "The Walking Dead" are making their way to Atlanta and surrounding small-town Georgia to sniff out traces of Rick Grimes' crew of survivors and the voracious zombies on their trail.
More than 150 film and TV productions were shot in Georgia in fiscal year 2014 alone, according to the Georgia film office.
Kennedy and Newark Liberty airports will reopen to arrivals only at 6 a.m.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- A U.S.
Director Sam Mendes announced the name of the 24th official Bond film Thursday at England's Pinewood Studios.
According to comScore, 14% of U.S.
(CNN) -- A special court in Kenya has been initiated to hear maritime piracy cases, the U.N.
The U.S.
Ohio inmate Dennis McGuire appeared to gasp and convulse for about 10 minutes before he died January 16 by lethal injection using the new combination of drugs -- midazolam, a sedative; and the painkiller hydromorphone -- according to reporters who witnessed the execution.
Apple CEO Steve Jobs deemed the iPad "a truly magical and revolutionary product" when he unveiled the tablet-style computer in January.
Fitow battered the remote southern Japanese island of Okinawa late Saturday, with gusts of up to 120 kilometers per hour (74 miles per hour), Japan's Meteorological agency.
(CNN) -- The state visit of the President of Ireland, Michael D.
Backers of the bill have been hoping to win as many as 70 votes in the Senate, in order to give the bill bipartisan momentum heading into the more skeptical, GOP-controlled House.
Notices of dismissal in the lawsuits were filed Friday in Manhattan, meaning the player will accept the suspension and sit out the 2014 season.
The cruel reality is that every one of the 239 people on board is both a possible victim and a possible suspect -- until proved otherwise.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Prosecutors are expected to rest their case Friday in the seven-week-long trial of model Anna Nicole Smith's boyfriend and two doctors.
Dr.
1984 At the inaugural ceremony in 1984, Madonna attained instant superstar status thanks to a scandalous rendition of her already-controversial single, "Like A Virgin."
Washington (CNN) -- U.S.
The result lifts Colmbia to the top of the group ahead of host nation Argentina and Bolivia -- who drew 1-1 in Friday's opening match.
(CNN) -- England and Sri Lanka drew their third and final Test at the Rose Bowl on Monday, a result that saw hosts England take a 1-0 series victory.
U.N.
The Perseids have been observed for at least 2,000 years and are associated with the comet Swift-Tuttle, which orbits the sun once every 133 years, NASA says.
Tamu Massif covers an area of about 120,000 square miles.
The underlying themes of "Apart Together" include the feelings of isolation and "otherness" and the search for a valuable human dignity.
The report calls for greater investment in agriculture to tackle long and short-term hunger by making farmers productive and more resilient to crises.
The U.S. military may rotate out the aircraft carrier group with the USS George Washington once amphibious ships arrive, a senior U.S. military official told CNN.
(CNN) -- Former world No.
"People who are supposed to be running our prisons have lost control," said Sarah Geraghty, senior attorney at the Southern Center for Human Rights.
Their bodies were found in the small mining community of Nacozari de Garcia, some 155 miles (250 kilometers) north of Hermosillo, the state capital.
By anyone else's standards, "Brave" stands as a crisp, lively frolic, brimming with texture and color (all those follicles!).
London (CNN) -- Jane Austen is one of the English language's best-known and most-loved writers.
The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Tuesday also suggests a racial divide over President Obama's initial comments on the incident.
-- Roast fixture Jeffrey Ross called White "the only person who truly saw Titanic in 3-D" and said that she thought "50 Shades of Grey" was about her hair...down there.
Randoseru, Japan's traditional schoolchild's backpack, has become the latest must-buy souvenir in Japan.
The U.N. is monitoring five countries closely because of sexual violence in conflicts.
He is considered one of al Qaeda's top strategists and one of its most vocal leaders in its propaganda campaign
The Qatari Labor Ministry denies that workers are being exploited.
It asked the appeals court to vacate U.S District Judge Shira A.
Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio opposes stop-and-frisk and has said publicly that he would drop the city's appeal of Scheindlin's ruling.
CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN) -- Embattled Illinois Gov.
Eva Rausing had struggled with drug addiction for years, an acquaintance said.
Gen.
Xu Caihou, a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission that runs the world's largest standing army, was found to have accepted bribes, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Bulger is charged in the deaths of 19 people during some two decades when prosecutors say he ran Boston's Irish mob.
When police arrived at the Premiere Theatre, they found 21-year-old Christopher Sides with his face painted like the Joker from the Batman movies and his hair dyed pink.
(CNN) -- Wladimir Klitschko has told reporters that he is finally looking forward to silencing David Haye, when the two face each other for their eagerly-awaited heavyweight showdown in Hamburg on July 2.
Spc.
The finding confirms research done more than 75 years ago by Carl Kauffeld, former director of the Staten Island Zoo, who wrote many books about amphibians and was considered an authority on the subject.
(CNN) -- Tributes have been flooding in following the sudden death of Spanish Primera Liga side Espanyol's captain Daniel Jarque at the age of 26 on Saturday night.
But the landmark health care ruling had exactly zero impact on the presidential race at the time as a CNN/ORC poll just days later showed virtually no change in opinions on public attitudes toward Obama or Romney.
A video detailing his master plan recently surfaced on YouTube, and amazed viewers got to watch Yucel's wife literally lock him in for the day before he headed off to work.
The U.N.
Washington (CNN) -- First lady Michelle Obama invited more than 20 accomplished women to the White House on Wednesday, asking them to serve as mentors for area high school students.
(CNN) -- A federal appeals court has denied Arizona Gov.
The United States and North Korea do not have diplomatic relations.
The talks are especially important because the bill funding government now runs out in mid-January at nearly the same time as another round of forced budget cuts is due to hit.
The two sides have a nearly $100 billion gap to bridge.
A senior Democratic aide told CNN that House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan and Senate Budget Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray met Wednesday afternoon and are narrowing down the issues in a potential spending deal.
The song is going to be sanitized to "Forget You," which is so substantially less catchy, and seeing the world's poshest human sing about not being able to afford a Ferrari will provide some interesting cultural dissonance.
Racist taunts, alleged and proven, have dogged English football for years.
(CNN) -- The Chinese government has barred the country's airlines from complying with a European Union charge on carbon emissions, escalating a dispute that officials have warned could turn into a trade war.
Chinese airlines had previously said they would not pay the EU carbon tax, but the formal prohibition by the State Council, or cabinet, puts Beijing in direct opposition to Brussels.
(CNN) -- A 47-year-old Virginia man was charged Monday with interfering with a flight crew during a flight last week in which he allegedly became intoxicated and unruly, leading authorities to scramble fighter jets and the pilot to make an emergency landing.
It will be known as the "Tournament of Hope" and will try to build awareness of poverty and HIV/AIDS in Africa.
"We are scared," said Renu Devi, a woman in the village where the attack occurred.
Michael J.
Several Kazakh women were reportedly detained by the police in Almaty after protesting against the ban.
Tiananmen Square - Look back at events that led to powerful protests in China 20 years ago.
Security Crackdown - See China's reaction to media coverage of a significant anniversary.
No More Yard Work? - Check out a new technology that makes lawn care much less manual.
The protests came on the anniversary of the 1967 Middle East War, when Israel captured the Golan Heights from Syria.
(CNN) -- Former New York Gov.
The 19 small houses that run solely on solar power were built over two weeks in September at Villa Solar in Madrid, Spain, and provide an architectural spectacle that the public can tour for free.
Some of Banksy's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Mehsud also vowed to avenge the recent death of Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud, they said.
(CNN) -- Fending off elimination for the third straight game, the San Francisco Giants thrashed the St.
The Jacksons contend that AEG Live executives hired, retained or supervised Dr.
The group supports the Fix Gun Check program pushed by Sen.
The phones are ringing, you know, customers are walking in," said Darryl Wright, owner of D.C.
Born in Brooklyn and raised in Detroit, she quickly garnered a fan base in the early '90s with her original take on R&B music.
At the time of her death, she had three top-selling albums under her belt, many nominations and awards and was slated to have a big role in "The Matrix Reloaded" and "Matrix Revolution" movies.
(CNN) -- Roberto Mancini believes Carlos Tevez should apologize to Manchester City fans after the Argentina star changed his mind and decided to stay at Eastlands.
(CNN) -- Gen.
The American Foundation for Equal Rights and Broadway Impact also announced that the performance will be streamed live on YouTube at 7:45 p.m.
The show first premiered on Broadway in September (with cast members like Morgan Freeman, John Lithgow and Ellen Barkin) and is set to tour nationally throughout 2012, although the A-list stars attached to the West Coast reading are not expected to remain with the play.
"We've been friends for many, many years now, but he looks at things differently," said fellow California Republican Rep.
(CNN) -- One person was killed and 17 others injured after a freight train derailed in northwestern Belgium, a local official told CNN.
(CNN) -- Country music stars and fans alike honored George Jones on Thursday at the Grand Ole Opry House in Nashville.
Stars such as Randy Travis, Brad Paisley and Tanya Tucker paid homage to Jones, who died Friday at 81, with music and heartfelt speeches.
As former first lady Laura Bush took the stage, she thanked Jones' widow, Nancy, for giving her the opportunity to speak.
(EW.com) -- In "Stand Up Guys," Al Pacino and Christopher Walken play second-rate Baltimore gangsters in their late 60s who make no bones about what grumpy old sociopaths they've become.
The boat was en route from a settlement camp in western Uganda to the Democratic Republic of Congo when it overturned at about 10:30 a.m., according to police, who said 45 people were rescued as the search continued for 32 missing men, women and children.
(CNN) -- Four men gathered in a parking lot were shot and killed Sunday in Mount Airy, North Carolina, and a warrant was issued for a suspect, police said.
Nearly 1,500 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced after the re-election of Mwai Kibaki.
Riches is among the victims' relatives notified that terrorism charges were refiled Wednesday against accused 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, Ramzi Bin al-Shibh and three others.
The abuses asserted by Naji were also suffered by other detainees at Guantanamo, said Tom Wilner, an attorney who has represented Guantanamo detainees in two cases that went before the U.S.
Her debut album "Born to Die" debuted at No.
Impressively, Del Rey accomplished this feat without a single bona fide "hit" to her name.
The deputy head of the Iraqi National Dialogue Front was killed Sunday evening by a suicide bomb blast in the town of Al-Qaiyara, south of Mosul, according to Mosul police.
The government says the latest labor reforms are needed to bring flexibility to the workplace and to simplify the rules for employers.
Greece may need to tap its eurozone partners for an extra 10 billion euros in funding as it faces up to a cash shortfall, the country's finance minister has said.
Since 1998, the group has provided nearly 10,000 victims with legal and social services.
Do you know a hero?
The New York City Board of Elections temporarily relocated or combined some polling locations serving 143,000 voters across all five boroughs because of damage from Sandy.
Nabeel Rajab of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights said about 25 people in about a dozen cars pulled up to his house early Sunday morning and took him to the offices of the interior ministry's investigative department.
"I still think I'm a little in shock.
Fahmy was one of three Al Jazeera journalists arrested in Cairo in December 2013 and accused of being part of the country's banned Muslim Brotherhood.
"We belong on the road.
"Cyclists, stay off the roads without bike lanes!!
As of June 30, Timberlake's "The 20/20 Experience" has sold just over two million copies -- the only album to do so thus far this year.
The United States and the European Union "stand with the people of Ukraine" in their fight for the right to choose alliances with countries other than Russia, U.S.
Scott Brown, the former senator from Massachusetts who moved to New Hampshire to run in a more friendly environment, appears to be in a dead heat with Democratic Sen.
Among the questions being raised is whether money provided in a nearly $2.2 billion trucking contract in the war-torn country went to pay off local warlords and the Taliban.
Jurors will return to court Thursday for the aggravation phase of the trial -- an important step in the next key decision they face: determining whether Arias lives or dies.
They say the demolitions are part of a broader campaign to target illegal structures in the province.
Chinese church leaders say it's the worst anti-Christian crackdown in decades.
One might think Democrats are in disarray, given the recent legislative battle that pitted the Obama administration and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid against top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi and Massachusetts Sen.
St.
It's not clear from the footage how many of the pieces were originals, versus replicas.
The artifact is in the custody of the National Institute of Peru and may be displayed in a museum, he said.
The announcement comes after allegations of major corruption in the country's much-praised free schooling campaign for primary education.
Ford has become infamous well beyond Canada for his antics, including an admission that he smoked crack cocaine.
Egypt has suffered bloody internal strife since Morsy was overthrown.
The 21.5-inch iMac features one Thunderbolt port, and the 27-inch model has two.
U.S.-Russia Relations have descended to a new low over the last eight months since Russia meddled in the internal affairs of Ukraine, a NATO ally, and annexed Crimea in March.
Just hours before Feinstein and Schumer announced their decisions, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Sen.
While the Anti-Defamation League said the group would "take him at his word that he did not have any ill intent," comedian Seth Rogen failed to see the comedy, calling Macklemore out on Twitter for wearing an "anti-Semitic costume" while performing his hit song "Thrift Shop."
Union contract rules limit the number of hours actors and crew members can work on a movie or television production.
The announcement was followed by a plea for calm from U.N.
The best deals are on items labeled "tax free" and otherwise taxed heavily -- such as alcohol and cigarettes.
The costume reflects ominous trends: the deterioration of the immigration debate, the rise of anti-immigrant hostility as a form of racism and the need for greater empathy to bridge the gap between those who view such attacks as harmless humor and those who are demeaned and hurt by them.
The deaths are the single largest loss of life among U.S. troops in Iraq since 2009, and they come as Iraq debates whether to request U.S. troops stay beyond a January 1, 2012, deadline that requires 46,000 American forces out of the country.
In popular parlance, these young lovers of even younger men are dubbed "pumas."
Galway, Ireland (CNN) -- The husband of a woman who died after reportedly being refused an abortion in Ireland said Friday he will not cooperate with an inquiry into her death.
They say the new measures will feature additional random checks after passengers make it through security and will include passenger pat-downs, bag checks and hand swabs for traces of explosives.
Get command of whitewater paddling basics at Otter Bar Lodge Kayak School, a wilderness hideaway on Northern California's Salmon River, about 112 miles northeast of Eureka.
This comes on the heels of a massive credit and debit card data breach at Target that could affect as many as 70 million people.
So far, search teams have found 51 of the 228 people who died when Air France Flight 447 plunged into the sea June 1, according to the military.
World No.
(CNN) -- A third U.S.
More than 2,000 homes were also damaged in 35 towns or cities in Java and Bali between Wednesday and Sunday, he said.
"All the necessary measures have been taken for the Special Tribunal for Lebanon to commence functioning," U.N.
After all, the U.S. federal government lists dozens of capital offenses that are punishable by death, and not all of them involve a victim's life being taken.
The Dallas Safari Club said it has received a string of death threats over the auction.
Chen, whose term ended in May, is accused of embezzling about $18 million.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Lindsay Lohan must report to jail by June 17 to begin serving a 120-day sentence for a necklace theft charge, a judge ordered Wednesday.
Anti-virus software will help protect your system from being infected, but it's expensive, uses system memory and reduces battery life.
"We take all human loss of life very seriously," said Gavin Sundwall, a U.S.
London (CNN) -- Britain extradited a man wanted by U.S.
At least 851 children living near a plant in northwestern China's Shaanxi province were found to have excessive lead levels in their blood, according to the Xinhua news agency.
But it got us thinking -- why is "Letterman" the place celebrities go to unleash their crazy?
She says it was her incredibly strong instinct to live that helped her get through every day.
There are activities in the region that are still sitting on the edge of potential conflict," said retired Gen.
However, CNN's Ben Wedeman reports that the Muslim community has sent condolences to the Copts in response to the weekend deaths - and there are similar sentiments being expressed on Twitter with many calling for greater religious tolerance.
The suspects were arrested in and around London on November 6 in the run-up to Remembrance Sunday -- when Britain marks the end of World War I -- along with a fourth man who was later released without charge.
NORFOLK, Virginia (CNN) -- Negotiators aboard a U.S.
The case has become a high profile test for the Justice Department and how it deals with reporters on leak investigations.
"Taken" is intense and fast-paced and reads like a big-budget Hollywood blockbuster.
Comments made by state Rep.
Meanwhile, Ronaldo's former Manchester United teammate Wayne Rooney has been ruled out of England's final World Cup qualifier against Belarus with a calf strain.
We've got five days, Dr.
In an exclusive interview Friday with CNN's Becky Anderson, Libyan army head Gen.
(CNN) -- Charges of rebellion will be leveled against many of those arrested during martial law in the southern Philippines -- declared in the aftermath of last month's massacre of 57 civilians, the nation's justice secretary said.
The McCain campaign accepted $85 million in federal matching funds for the last two months of the campaign.
The goal was to rid society of people thought to be undesirable: people labeled "feeble-minded" or "defectives."
California's response to victims stands in stark contrast to North Carolina's.
It's common for Twitter to quietly test new features and design updates before tweaking or rolling it out to a larger user base.
(CNN) -- Inter Milan are once again five points behind rivals AC Milan at the top of the Italian Serie A table after crushing Genoa 5-2 at the San Siro on Sunday.
1st Class Christopher D.
One Filipino soldier was also killed, and two more were wounded, he said.
New York's Gov.
A barking chauvinist bigot, Aladeen makes Borat look like a puppy dog.
"We're afraid that rockets will fly into the church and kill someone."
The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Lt.
When you buy a card on the social network for a friend, they get a message informing them of the gift right away (great for scrambling at the last minute).
He is survived by his wife, two daughters and four grandchildren.
The spiraling violence in eastern Congo has displaced an estimated 250,000 people -- many of whom have fled to refugee camps.
Saudi Arabia has diagnosed more than 230 cases of the H1N1 virus this year.
The Saudi government has also said it will set up quarantine centers at airports as another preventative measure.
Thad Allen; EPA administrator Lisa Jackson; Louisiana Gov.
Hundreds of journalists and international monitors attended the April election, and while Suu Kyi's party claimed victory Monday in 43 of the 44 seats it contested, official results are still to be released.
In a statement released Monday in which he praised the choice of Hillary Clinton for the nation's top diplomatic post, Paterson said, "In order to appoint the best possible candidate to replace Sen.
They started to reach rebels about two weeks ago, the official said.
But in the spirit of a Greek tragedy, much political blood has been spilt along the way.
(CNN) -- The Chicago City Council approved a measure on Wednesday that allows police to issue citations for those carrying small amounts of marijuana rather than make arrests.
Offenders would face a fine that ranges from $250 to $500.
Earlier this month, Rhode Island Gov.
Also in June, New York Gov.
The police operation was planned far in advance and, according to the L.A.
Europe remains on edge after the warnings, based at least partly on intelligence about a plot obtained from a German-Afghan in U.S.
Plans to embalm the body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and put it on public display like Lenin and Mao Zedong appear to have hit a snag, with acting president Nicolas Maduro admitting the process might be "quite difficult."
Swayze was mostly known for a handful of supporting roles when he broke through with his performance as dance instructor Johnny Castle in 1987's "Dirty Dancing."
Shopping malls, office towers and homes draw on its principles in their design in an attempt to create prosperity.
That's more than one-third of some 11 million emergency calls made in New York each year, the study found, which was released Friday.
The RUF rebels were known for hacking off civilians' hands and feet during the war, which lasted from March 1991 until January 2002.
Europe will be seeking a fourth successive victory in Louisville, with the U.S.
Greece's main labor unions have called a general strike on June 15.
Luxembourg's Alain Hamer will referee two Scottish Premier League matches in two days as he takes charge of second-placed Celtic's home clash with Inverness and defending champions Rangers' trip to Dundee United.
This week the BoJ reported that Japan's monetary base expanded 42 per cent from a year earlier in August, to Y172tn ($1.72tn), marking an all-time high for the sixth straight month.
According to a new report from Human Rights Watch (HRW), the men are among 1,700 ethnic Rohingya from Myanmar -- formerly known as Burma -- who are being held in appalling conditions in Thai immigration detention centers in Thailand's Phang Nga province and filmed secretly by the news team from Channel 4.
U.S.
Eddie Murphy had the unenviable fate of taking second place, though his return ($2.70 for every dollar he's paid) was significantly higher than Barrymore's.
Kidman and Cage's fellow Oscar winners Reese Witherspoon and Denzel Washington rounded out the pack in fourth and fifth place, respectively.
Uttering the words "Yo Quiero Taco Bell," Gidget's popularity soared in the fast food restaurant's ads.
Uttering the words "Yo Quiero Taco Bell," Gidget, a female dog, played a male dog in the commercials.
"Today he won, Mom!"
But the killing of Osama bin Laden may convince more to turn, the general says.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan met Monday in Brussels, on the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting.
Shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the Nembe creek pipeline and Agip could not be reached for comment.
Model's ring is from a "friend" Bar Rafaeli was caught wearing an engagement ring a few months back.
Republican Lt.
One of the most significant challenges facing regulators is how to keep the small drones away from larger aircraft with people on board.
Between January and September of last year, 31,000 migrants are believed to have entered the European Union illegally by crossing the Mediterranean to land on Italian soil or the island of Malta, according to the European Union border agency Frontex.
European nations such as Germany and Sweden have already opened their doors to refugees fleeing war in the home nations, particularly in the face of civil war in Syria.
(CNN) -- Internet media giant Yahoo! has secured exclusive rights to publish online highlights of the English Premier League until 2013.
C.Y.
Altogether, there may be the equivalent of 45 billion barrels of oil under Kurdish land in Iraq, according to the KRG.
Every time a still or clip from an ISIS video is shown, the group gets what it wants: the oxygen of publicity.
Hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933.
Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express at the time when Hitler wrote the letter.
Much as exit polls in the U.S. show after the election this week, the economy is a top concern for Chinese leaders as the ruling Communist Party (CCP) gathers Thursday for the 18th Party Congress.
(CNN) -- This week marks the centenary of the assassination in Sarajevo of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria.
Moroccan U.N. peacekeepers stop a bus near Bouake, Cote d'Ivoire, in March.
Sixteen-year-old Jessica Watson of Australia plans to sail solo around the world
Investigators do not believe Campbell had any contact with the three girls, but "when you have the face of a small child affixed to a nude body of a mature woman, it's going to be the state's position that this is for sexual gratification and that this is simulated sexual activity," Assistant District Attorney Dave Denny said during Wednesday's hearing.
"We're not averse to calling," Netanyahu said in an interview Thursday with CNN's Piers Morgan in New York.
PITTSBURGH, Pennsylvania (CNN) -- Leaders of the G-20 economic summit will announce Friday that the group will become the new permanent council for international economic cooperation, senior U.S. officials told CNN Thursday.
The couple dated for years before they got engaged in 2013.
A clip from an upcoming episode shows Tucker confronting his future mother-in-law about her disapproval of their relationship.
Palo Alto, California (CNN) -- It wasn't until five months after Army Staff Sgt.
(CNN) -- Afghanistan, North Korea and Somalia are seen as the most corrupt nations in the world, according to Transparency International's latest survey, released Tuesday.
(CNN) -- Talk of Iran's nuclear program took center stage Thursday in discussions between U.S.
"Judge Judy" is the highest-rated regular series in all of TV syndication, regularly outdrawing such iconic shows as Wheel of Fortune and top-rated talkers like Ellen and Dr.
During the week's racing, presenter Shirley Robertson hitches a ride on board some of the world's most iconic yachts both ancient and modern, and attempts to find out what makes them "classics."
Humanitarian groups say as many as 250,000 unprotected civilians are trapped in the area where the fighting is taking place, and the onslaught has intensified as government forces have closed in on the rebels.
In general, the cars weigh around 600 kilograms in race trim, including the addition of KERS that some constructors use to increase performance.
Dr.
The World Bank's estimate of China's economic growth is about 7.5 percent.
"He's a smart little boy.
So a leader must "connect the dots" between what an employee does and why it matters to the organization.
For a taste of the Hawaii that Oprah enjoys, head to Upcountry Maui, with its fertile, rolling ranches and sweeping views.
Juarez is considered a flash point in Mexico's nearly five-year war on organized crime.
Meeker had been watering the tiger when he was attacked, Meister said.
A French nuclear submarine joined the hunt Wednesday for the flight data recorders and other wreckage from Air France Flight 447 as Brazilian air force and navy crews continued to pull bodies from the Atlantic.
(CNN)The presence of a harmful pesticide at a luxury villa in the U.S.
Opponents of same-sex marriage argue that the equality argument made by gay rights campaigners is a false one and that there are real social risks involved in redefining the notion of marriage in ways broader than the traditional union of man and woman.
After meeting with Obama at the White House on Thursday, GOP Sen.
The extension comes after President Rafael Correa was attacked by police on September 30.
ROME, Italy (CNN) -- Melting glaciers in the Alps may prompt Italy and Switzerland to redraw their borders near the Matterhorn, according to parliamentary draft legislation being readied in Rome.
The 19th-century version of a bikini was made out of either heavy flannel or wool -- fabrics that would not be transparent when wet -- and covered the entire body from neck to toe.
The British market for superyachts grew more than 15 percent during the fiscal year ending June 1, 2009, according to a new survey.
The contractor was not identified, but Houston, Texas-based military contractor KBR said the person was an employee.
Investors continue applying doctrines that were appropriate when capital was scarce.
Reapply every two hours -- more often if you're in and out of the water.
In designating the al-Nusra Front as a foreign terrorist organization and an offshoot of al Qaeda in Iraq, the U.S.
(CNN) -- Forests in the Pacific Northwest are dying twice as fast as they were 17 years ago, and scientists blame warming temperatures for the trend, according to a new study.
(CNN) -- Octuplets mom Nadya Suleman pleaded not guilty Friday to welfare fraud charges relating to allegations that she did not report money that she earned as a topless dancer and adult film actress, according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office.
The two countries agreed to meet Monday to defuse tensions -- even as each side continued to amass more troops to the site of the Preah Vihear temple.
The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962.
Rep.
Critics say the measure will allow the wealthy to avoid military service and leave the poor with no other choice than to join.
The FBI is investigating the armed standoff on federal land between the U.S. government and Southern Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and his supporters, CNN has confirmed.
An estimated 300 people, many toting weapons, joined Bundy when the federal government began to round up his cattle after he refused to vacate federally owned land and pay more than $1 million in fees.
Air Force Lt.
But Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force, led by General Qassem Suleimani, is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS.
(CNN) -- Utah officials for the time being do not have to formally recognize hundreds of same-sex marriages performed last December and earlier this year, after the U.S.
His mental condition has been central to much of the related court proceedings since the mass shooting.
"Doing so will send a strong message that there will be no impunity for attacks against the media, nor for any serious crimes," the office of the U.N.
It is rare for North Korean defectors to sail to Japan's coast.
Police say the two men shouted "anti-gay remarks" while viciously beating victim Jack Price, 49, as he left a 24-hour deli on College Point Boulevard in Queens in October 2009.
(CNN) -- Kremlin critic and Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny has been convicted of misappropriating $500,000 worth of state-owned timber.
A court freed him from detention on July 19, pending an appeal of the court's ruling against him.
Navalny is a corruption fighting lawyer who famously branded the ruling United Russia party -- founded by President Vladimir Putin -- "the party of crooks and thieves."
U.S.
(CNN) -- Thailand's Thongchai Jaidee and Korean Kim Do-hoon both carded eight-under-par rounds of 64 to lead the way after the opening 18 holes of the China Open at Jinji Lakes.
Bush, 88, is the wife of the 41st U.S. president, George H.W.
In her role as first lady, she championed the cause of literacy.
Long said that neither side in the national debate is coming up with a solution: "The problem still is there.
"The commission listened to political prison camp survivors who suffered through childhoods of starvation and unspeakable atrocities, as a product of the 'guilt by association' practice, punishing other generations for a family member's perceived views or affiliation," he said, referring to the account of Shin Dong-hyuk, the high-profile North Korean defector whose horrific experiences were documented in the biography "Escape from Camp 14.
Keith Ratliff was found shot in the head January 3 in his home-office in Carnesville, Georgia, about 80 miles northeast of Atlanta.
Lionel Messi extended his goalscoring run in La Liga to 18 consecutive matches after scoring twice in Barcelona's 3-1 win over Rayo Vallecano Sunday.
(AOL Autos) -- Law enforcement officials in six states can now give you a ticket for talking on your cell phone while driving, so that hands-free device you should be using for your cell phone is going to become your best friend.
3) You can get a fine for texting if the officer believes you have become distracted and are not driving safely.
No arrests have been made in the case.
Operation Cross Country 6 took place from Friday through Sunday with more than 2,500 state, local and federal officers working in 57 cities.
Washington (CNN) -- Sen.
Leading democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi has rejected voting in the elections, her lawyer said.
Finally, new Dropbox supports drag-and-drop, simple multiple file selections, and keyboard shortcuts (hit "?" for a full list).
Davender Ghai, 70, a world-renowned charity advocate in Britain, argued the practice is already legal under British law, but he sought clarification in order to hold such cremations in the future.
Do you know a hero?
Pennsylvania Gov.
Despite an attempt by the British government to block all Czech assets in the UK, the transfer went ahead and the story caused an outpouring of public anger.
On Thursday, Mayor of London Boris Johnson said that the success of the Olympics and Paralympics has spurred investment in the U.K capital.
The latest Ferguson confrontation isn't taking place on the streets of the beleaguered city, but between the St.
"It is hard to believe someone 8 years old can fill up a church like this," said Landon House, a soccer coach
"The U.N. counts a number of additional event types that ISAF does not include in its definition of security incidents, such as cache finds, arrests, assassinations, intimidation, and others," according to a statement Thursday from the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force.
The town is under a Stage 4 water emergency -- the most severe level -- and it won't ease until the town gets more rain over an extended period of time.
Genetics play a big role in why some people are underweight, Primack says.
According to Chinese media, the Government Office Administration of the State Council said the ban could take up to three years to implement and would help cut the cost of sometimes lavish banquets held for state functions.
An arrest warrant in the southwest state of Mato Grosso do Sul accuses Fabio Jose Silva Coelho, Google's president in Brazil, of "disobedience" for not removing YouTube videos about a local mayoral candidate.
Cardinal Sean Brady has been under fire over the investigation into the Rev.
What he got instead is a 22-year-old international arms dealer who faces a congressional inquiry for allegedly selling old Chinese ammunition to the U.S. military to equip allies in Afghanistan.
The bill would have expanded the State Children's Health Insurance Program by nearly $35 billion over five years, the same as the measure Bush vetoed October 3.
This year marked the 61st anniversary of the 1950 Chinese invasion of Tibet, and the benefit -- which also featured Patti Smith, Michael Stipe, Taj Mahal and the Roots -- is in its 21st year.
The Roots were the first performers to bring the entire audience to their feet when they were joined by Angelique Kidjo for a rousing "Move on Up."
The Serbian world No.
The series follows four women who became pregnant while in high school.
But MTV insisted to EW the show's fate has not yet been decided.
In the recording, which was posted to YouTube and picked up by Russian media, Paet talks about his recent visit to Ukraine.
Six people were killed in the Rancho Brazos neighborhood of Granbury, about 30 miles southwest of Fort Worth.
The tribunal has accused Serbia of knowing Mladic's whereabouts and letting him avoid capture, but the country's leaders have denied protecting him.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frank Verrastro and J.
A French nuclear submarine joined the hunt Wednesday for the flight data recorders and other wreckage from Air France Flight 447 as Brazilian air force and navy crews continued to pull bodies from the Atlantic.
(RollingStone.com) -- John Lennon would be turning 70 years old on October 9.
Washington (CNN) -- The government will provide $680 million in compensation to settle a class-action lawsuit by Native American farmers against the U.S.
He has an MBA from USC Marshall School of Business and an Executive MBA (EMBA) from INSEAD and Tsinghua University in Beijing.
Oliver will cook the meal along with a team of young chefs from the apprentice program at his London restaurant, Fifteen.
Hawkish Sen.
Van der Sloot was arrested in June of last year, but was not formally charged until Thursday.
Grief experts say the loss of a child brings on a special kind of anguish.
Government linguists say the U.S. eavesdropped on Americans, including military officers serving in Iraq.
On August 10, 2012, Greg Buckley Jr. was gunned down by the very forces he had been training, just days after learning that he was to head home early.
"He told me if I have to stay here until November...
Around 130 people were injured, authorities said, with dozens were in critical condition and many of them hooked up to artificial lung ventilators.
Shocked residents placed flowers outside the burned club in memory of the victims, a scene that brought back memories of two other Russian deadly club fires -- one in Moscow in 2007 and the other in Omsk in 2008.
During a three-day economic policy meeting in early December, Xi and other top officials acknowledged the prospect of slower growth in 2015 -- probably still at an enviable rate of 7%, though, according to most analysts.
The hydraulic scissor lift Sullivan was standing on fell over at the LaBar Practice Complex.
She'll report to the sudser's Los Angeles, California, set sometime later this month for a February 11 debut, which is actually 50 days before the series' April 1 anniversary.
It's unclear how long Francis, a.k.a.
The 1952 flood saturated parts of downtown Omaha before the U.S.
A hearing in the parents' case is set for July 4, Ghirga said.
Current campaign manager Adam Sullivan will stay on as a senior adviser to the campaign.
But the revelation Tuesday that the Cowboys own part of a company that won a Port Authority of New York and New Jersey contract, which was endorsed by Christie and New York Gov.
Nintendo announced Tuesday it will introduce a handheld console that plays games in 3-D without the use of special glasses.
Incumbent Sen.
A car bomb killed Brig.
(CNN) -- A strengthening El Nino is expected to bring torrential rain Thursday to parts of Southern California, including Los Angeles, and authorities warned of possibly severe mudslides in areas denuded by forest fires.
"She lived, loved and worked harder than ever before," the family said.
For some time the Android mobile operating system has had pretty well integrated speech-to-text functionality (Google Voice Actions).
Yet it took the India-based software company Dexetra just eight hours to create the initial version of Iris -- a blatant Android knockoff of Siri.
The company is nearly making a profit, even as 200,000 small businesses have closed in the crisis.
Amnesty also says conditions for women have worsened with the rise of fundamentalist religious groups.
Washington (CNN)If Sen.
"I know that people aren't comfortable when I say this, but I worry very, very much of the future of democracy in our country," said the Vermont independent, speaking at the Brookings Institution on Monday.
This month will mark the fourth anniversary of protest marches by Tibetan monks in Lhasa that ended violently in 2008.
Variant CJD is a fatal brain disorder linked to eating beef from cattle with mad cow disease, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a press release.
The U.N.
P.T.
Rep.
There have been reports of crackdowns on other Iranian universities.
Susan Madore, Hackman's publicist, downplayed the incident, saying, "Gene's fine.
"While this is not the agreement that any of us would have written, and many of us would like to have seen something quite different, I believe we have come a very long way on reaching common ground," Sen.
The Obama administration is conducting a review of overall U.S. policy in the troubled Islamic republic, the president said in his joint address to Congress on Tuesday.
Piracy has become increasingly common in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean this year.
Corporations with a strict focus on maximizing shareholder value tend to employ a cadre of generalist managers who have relatively short-term commitment to the firm.
The bombings took place at a market where young men buy and sell pigeons in Husseiniya, a poor Shiite neighborhood in southeastern Baghdad.
Authorities say Alexander Lien was chased by bikers after he initially bumped one during a biker rally on September 29.
Sun Hung Kai Properties (SHKP) co-chairmen Thomas and Raymond Kwok were among five people charged with a total of eight offenses, including conspiracy to offer advantages to a public servant and misconduct in public office, the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) said in a statement.
"I think we've all settled into the fact that until we know what agreement is made with another nation ... it's kind of hard to craft something," said Sen.
Napolitano's warning came at the first in a series of hearings convened by the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, Rep.
The space agency says the missions are rewriting lunar science text books and revolutionizing what scientists know about Earth's closest neighbor.
World No.
The water supply has since been restored, but in the statement, the U.N. urged all parties in the civil war to ensure water supply to civilians, calling access to safe water a "fundamental human right."
(Mashable) -- Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss must accept their $65 million settlement from Facebook and move on.
Zuckerberg and Facebook deny the allegations, but agreed to settle in 2008.
High pressure over the Plains is keeping the weather pattern stable, allowing heat to build.
Since January, more than 13,000 people have died of complications from seasonal flu, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's weekly report on the causes of death in the nation.
The company has 79 listed companies, but it does not conduct trading on the Internet.
Since its release on March 22, "The Croods" has scored big at the box office, earning over $386 million worldwide.
The White House has been considering a range of troop levels -- from up to 15,000 to none -- to remain in Afghanistan once the combat mission officially ends at the end of 2014.
The law, signed by Arizona Gov.
The 19-year-old gained notoriety for allegedly stealing planes and flying without a pilot's certificate -- sometimes without shoes.
Four of the counts in the indictment are punishable by up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine, the U.S. attorney's office said.
In its lawsuit, TLC alleges Jon Gosselin has violated his contract with paid and unpaid TV appearances he recently has made.
(CNN) -- Nazi war crimes suspect John Demjanjuk was deported to Germany on Monday evening after he was removed from his Cleveland, Ohio-area home in the presence of U.S.
Arizona Sen.
To deal with the disarray, the FAA is in the process of canceling registration for all civil aircraft -- a category that includes virtually everything except military aircraft -- and requiring the owners to re-register.
Maj.
He was relieved of duty in October because of loss of confidence in his leadership, the Air Force said at the time without providing specific details.
Washington (CNN) -- The United States has contacted authorities in Hong Kong to seek the extradition of Edward Snowden, the man who admitted leaking top-secret details about U.S.
Jomo Sono's international career never took off because of South Africa's exclusion from world football.
The 2011 MotoGP season continues this weekend with the Netherlands Grand Prix in Assen on Saturday.
(CNN) -- An Airbus airplane was forced to turn back to New York 90 minutes into a flight to Paris, Air France said Monday.
The Air France A380 turned back due to a "minor incident," the airline said, refusing to say what the technical hitch was.
As Britain prepares to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's 60th year on the throne, the sovereign's popularity in the United States is at a 15-year high -- 82% of Americans say they have a favorable opinion of the queen in a CNN/ORC poll released Friday.
That's a 35-point jump from 1997, when her favorable rating stood at 47%.
As many as 125 people have been hospitalized in the state of Uttar Pradesh after drinking the toxic liquor Monday, according to officials.
She was the first person to be diagnosed with the disease on U.S.
"I was trying to bring up the obvious, ludicrous TSA-type of security," the pilot said, referring to the cell phone videos he posted, and later removed, from the popular video-sharing website YouTube.
The second event of the U.S.
On the other end of the spectrum, the average Japanese gets seven hours of sleep and also spends longer at work -- and getting to work -- than on leisure activities.
"Are we bringing this virus off the ship with us?" asked Shannon Blace, a passenger from Toronto who was traveling with a party of 12 people -- 10 of whom have been sick.
About 800 pediatric cough and cold products are sold in the United States, many using multiple ingredients that have been marketed for use in children for some 30 years.
The Obamacare enrollment figure is below the target of 3 million originally set by the administration for the end of December, which is halfway through an initial six-month sign-up period under the law intended to help millions of previously uninsured Americans get coverage.
One of the most strident critics, Republican Sen.
Although Obama enjoyed high-profile foreign-policy successes at the beginning of his time in office, including the military mission to find and kill bin Laden, he's come under harsh criticism recently for what opponents say is a passive approach abroad.
Mexico enacted a law Friday that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drugs, including marijuana, heroin, cocaine and LSD.
New results from studies of a gamma-ray burst -- an extremely energetic, fast explosion, typically from the distant universe -- suggest gold could be created in the collision of two neutron stars, which are kind of like two giant atomic nuclei.
(CNN Student News) -- Students will interview U.S. military veterans to learn about the sacrifices that these men and women have made in the defense of our country.
Hijuelos was the first Latino to win the prestigious award for fiction for his 1989 novel, "The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love."
When Sean died, the prime minister was at a government retreat in Victoria Falls, where officials are attempting to come up with a blueprint to salvage the nation's collapsed economy.
The new Cloud Player service adds a new "Save to Amazon Cloud Drive" button for saving MP3s to the cloud, as well as an option to upload music from a hard drive to a user's Cloud Drive.
Users are given 5 GB of free storage, but can get 20 GB if they purchase an album through Amazon.
Google and Apple have been rumored to be hard at work on their own cloud-based players, but it looks like Amazon beat them to the punch.
Most patients had a problem with dehydration, drugs and alcohol, authorities told CNN affiliate WHDH.
(Departures.com) -- St.
A revered symbol of good luck and prosperity, the dragon lends itself to bold imagery in jewelry, cars, even coffee makers.
He was later recalled by the U.S.
In 1988, Massachusetts Gov.
The eight-week long push by Al-Shaabab and Hisb-ul-Islam militias has prompted what the agency calls "the biggest exodus from the troubled Somali capital since the Ethiopian intervention in 2007."
Many residents are fleeing their homes for the first time since the start of the Somali civil war in 1991," the agency said.
(CNN) -- Protesters demanding that the newly installed military government step aside clashed with security forces in Burkina Faso's capital on Sunday as regional leaders pleaded for calm.
Hearings are held in open fields in neighborhoods where the attacks occurred.
There have been calls to abolish the tribunals, which have tried about 1.5 million cases since they started in 2001, according to the Integrated Regional Information Networks, a U.N. agency.
"Evil Dead," a new remake of Sam Raimi's 1981 cult classic, led the way with $24.2 million.
Giffords and Kelly want to require comprehensive background checks for private sales of firearms, ABC reported.
A warrant has been issued for Guidroz to return to Washington state, prosecutors say.
(CNN) -- The U.N.
The unanimous resolution Friday marks a key step and speeds up preparations for a possible intervention to retake the region from al Qaeda-linked rebels.
(CNN) -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has stood by his post-match tirade against officialdom after his side lost 2-0 to bitter rivals Barcelona in the first leg of their Champions League semifinal tie Wednesday.
But the fast rising career of Republican Rep.
The documents were filed in U.S.
He had been taken from the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, to Singapore by air ambulance after his health deteriorated and was suffering from acute kidney and respiratory problems when he died.
If the U.S.
He said the motivation for the research was to eventually cure diseases such as Parkinson's, diabetes and many other illnesses.
(CNN) -- The Guardian's Glenn Greenwald, who worked with NSA leaker Edward Snowden on articles about the agency's secret surveillance programs, slammed U.S.
Investigators said 178 teachers and principals working at 44 schools were involved in the cheating scandal.
Lawyer Ahmed El-Hamrawy was arrested at his home in Alexandria at dawn Monday, lawyer Mahmoud Farouq told CNN.
Every few months this year have brought reports of a fan falling -- sometimes fatally -- at arenas across the country.
U.S.
Loeb said he filed a complaint against the 42-year-old actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization.
The State Department allocation for living expenses per refugee on arrival to the country is $450, a sum the department calls "modest."
Sibat used to offer predictions and advice to callers on a Lebanese television network.
During the Iraq war, Falluja was the site of some of the bloodiest fighting between U.S. forces and insurgents.
Spc.
(CNN) -- The world's wildlife has declined by 27 percent since 1970 because of the human impact on the environment, the World Wildlife Fund said Friday.
Pollution and overall climate change are other factors causing a loss of biodiversity, it said.
Listeria monocytogenes can cause listeriosis, an uncommon but potentially fatal disease.
(CNN) -- MetroPCS, the fifth-largest U.S. wireless carrier, appears to be moving to bring more smartphones to lower-income consumers -- and also to capitalize on the FCC's new "open internet" rules which exempt wireless carriers from key net neutrality requirements.
Washington (CNN) -- U.S.
(CNN) -- Real Madrid have reduced Barcelona's lead at the top of the Spanish Primera Liga to three points after coming from behind to win 2-1 at Almeria on Thursday.
Nine people were injured -- eight who suffered minor injuries, and one who was flown to Trinity Hospital in Minot, the sheriff's department said.
SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- The last bit of news I heard before boarding a plane to Seoul a few days ago was that North Korea had just fired 100 artillery shells into the sea near the border with South Korea.
Many Ukrainians -- including interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyk -- think Russian President Vladimir Putin wants to expand Russia to the old borders of the Soviet Union.
Putin -- buoyed by rocketing approval ratings at home -- seems unmoved by U.S.
(CNN) -- Team Leopard rider Wouter Weylandt of Belgium has been killed after a horror crash on the third stage of the Giro d'Italia.
"It's amazing I was able to pull it off because he got a great start in each of the sets.
Wen's call to speak the truth comes at a time when the Chinese authorities are rounding up dissenters and muzzling whistle-blowers.
As a result of a partnership between Ben and Jerry's and the Bonnaroo festival, the ice cream company created Bonnaroo Buzz, a light coffee and malt ice cream, which made its national debut this year.
"Education is for life, but their legal status will change," Cedillo said of the undocumented immigrant students.
The U.S.
World No.
Irom Sharmila, 42, started her hunger strike in 2000 after 10 civilians were killed in a shooting blamed on the army in Manipur state.
Washington's law was approved by about 60 percent of voters in November.
The news came days after Lawson's two former personal assistants were cleared of fraud in a trial that saw the chef admit to occasionally using drugs including cocaine.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraqi forces detained the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network believed to be funded by Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter, who is wanted by Iraqi authorities on terrorism charges, the U.S. military announced Monday.
Disney pulls out of Bangladesh factories
Fox came in third with a two-hour installment of "So You Think You Can Dance" (1.9/6, 4.5 million) while CBS trailed in fourth with a bunch of pesky "NCIS" repeats.
"No one is winning; no one can win," U.N.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraq's most powerful Sunni Arab political party on Monday said a U.S.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraq's most powerful Sunni Arab political party on Monday said a U.S.
(CNN) -- This month, Inside the Middle East explores the stories of women throughout the region, highlighting Jordan in particular as a country whose constitution doesn't codify equal gender rights.
The show also returns to Saudi Arabia to chart the progress of Jeddah United, an all-female basketball team that was first featured on IME in 2008, as they struggled in a conservative society where women are not allowed to play sports in public.
The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has fought for decades for an independent Islamic state in southern Philippines.
New York City becomes the largest city to have an age limit as high as 21.
All eyes were on Justice Anthony Kennedy, considered a key vote for challengers to the state bans, who has penned three decisions in favor of gay rights over the years.
His trial date was set for October 15, and he was released on a $10,000 bond.
FIFA intend for goal-line technology to be used at December's Club World Cup in Japan, and if successful it will also be implemented at the 2013 African Cup of Nations and the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
(CNN) -- Maria Sharapova overpowered Sara Errani to win the French Open final at Roland Garros for the first time and complete a career grand slam.
More than 17,000 households remain without power across New York.
Rental housing vacancies across New York City are less than 5%, while holiday season hotel rooms are packed with tourists and travelers, leaving few options for those in need of shelter, authorities said.
(CNN) -- English football star Steven Gerrard has admitted punching a man in a bar, but the Liverpool captain insisted in his court testimony that it was in self-defense.
The chance of a ticket winning a Powerball jackpot is 1 in 175,223,510 (slightly better than the chance of winning a Mega Millions jackpot, which is 1 in 175,711,536).
This is the nuclear facility that New York Gov.
Sun's successor, Chiang Kai-shek, headquartered his nationalist Kuomintang (KMT) government here from 1927 until the Communist Party pushed them from the mainland in 1949 and moved the capital north to Beijing.
Bo's dismissal has triggered political in-fighting in the Communist Party ahead of the once-in-a decade political transition in autumn this year.
When 70% of all drivers in the world start their cars, the microchip inside the vehicle's computer whirls to life.
The return of "The X Factor" will kick things off on Sept.
The East India Co. began as a trading monopoly under Queen Elizabeth I in 1600 to ship commodities to the West from India, China and the Spice Islands, countering the clout of the Dutch, Spanish and Portuguese.
Democrats have accused Republicans of wanting indiscriminate budget cuts that would hit a wide swath of government programs -- something that wouldn't happen in this latest short-term proposal from the GOP because it is more targeted.
House Speaker John Boehner said he expects the measure will pass the House early next week, effectively tossing the ball into the Senate's court.
Part of his traveling "Body Works" exhibition, "The Cycle of Life," is showing at Berlin's Postbahnhof and features 200 human bodies at various life stages -- from conception to old age, including embryos and fetuses taken from historic anatomical collections.
(CNN) -- The body of a fugitive U.S. marshal has been found in the city of Juarez, Mexico, according to the U.S.
Constant surveillance Comaneci was honored as a Hero of Socialist Labor on her return home, yet the regime -- terrified that Comaneci would defect after enjoying her taste of western celebrity -- kept its greatest star under constant surveillance.
The move takes him out of a potential combat role flying Apache helicopters and gives him a desk job in London.
After the attack, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said it would be "best" for the country's troops to leave Afghanistan as soon as possible.
Under Obamacare, companies can no longer deny policies to people with pre-existing conditions, and some 48 million Americans are uninsured, according to the latest U.S.
South Carolina ranks near the bottom in the nation when it comes to access to care and health outcomes, according to the latest edition of America's Health Rankings.
The movie, "Five" tells stories of different women coping with breast cancer in five vignettes.
Washington (CNN) -- Thanks to Sen.
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S. ambassador to Syria visited the embattled town of Hama Thursday as part of what the State Department called an effort to show U.S. support for Syrians fighting for democracy.
Seven in 10 people questioned in the CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey, released Tuesday, believe that leaders of other countries respect Obama -- a figure in sharp contrast to predecessor George W.
"Top Justice Department officials, including Attorney General Holder, know more about Operation Fast and Furious than they have publicly acknowledged," said Rep.
(CNN Student News) -- Students will learn about U.S. environmental legislation
The role's official description downplays Mrs.
"Yoga does things with the human body that defy the imagination," Castro wrote in a front-page editorial in the island's state-run Granma newspaper.
About 40 million Americans have chronic sleep disorders that prevent them from getting good rest.
She killed the child after she was asked to bottle-feed him, Saudi police said.
About 1.5 million Sri Lankans work abroad -- nearly 400,000 of them in Saudi Arabia alone -- because of their limited earning potential at home.
With help from "Dallas" leading man, J.R.
(CNN) -- A Pennsylvania prison guard accused of sexually and physically abusing more than 20 inmates has been arrested, according to the Allegheny County District Attorney's office.
(CNN) -- A French soldier was killed during a clash with Islamist fighters early Wednesday in northern Mali, the French Defense Ministry said.
Four French soldiers have been killed in Mali since the beginning of France's military intervention there in January.
Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt left "I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here" three times.
In a surprising revelation happening days before the yearly Casting Revelation Geek Orgy known as Comic-Con, Johnson appeared to confirm his participation in the DC franchise.
Warner Bros. had no official comment when contacted by EW, although it's worth pointing out that there is a rumored Shazam movie on the horizon for 2016.
"I was screaming.
U.N.
U.S.
For Iranian Jews living in Israel, the debate about their homeland cannot be escaped and in their market community in Tel Aviv there's a keen awareness of the potential for an Israeli strike.
The film about an American civil war hero who journeys to Mars is shaping up to be one of Hollywood's costliest flops.
Los Angeles (Financial Times) -- Walt Disney will incur a $200m writedown on John Carter, the action film based on the Edgar Rice Burroughs novel which has failed at the box office despite a $300m production budget and an extensive global marketing campaign.
Egypt's traditional allies were openly appalled by the sentences against the three.
(EW.com) -- Sandra Bullock will talk to Matt Lauer on Tuesday morning's Today Show.
Bullock's giving the interview for the best of reasons: to help to publicize New Orlean's Warren Easton Charter High School.
The results of the poll, conducted by UBS, highlight the concern among some of the world's top central bank officials ahead of the Greek election this weekend that is widely seen as a pivotal moment for the future of the single currency.
"For a Good Time, Call..." tells the tender tale of two roommates who team up to launch a phone-sex line.
Hong Kong now has 1,251 skyscrapers and high-rises, the most in the world, creating a dramatic skyline.
Sean Forbes, 26, started a nonprofit called D-PAN, or Deaf Performing Artists Network.
Ziona, who only goes by his first name, has 39 wives, 86 children and 35 grandchildren.
Ziona's father, Chana, founded the Christian sect in Baktwang village that promotes polygamy as God's will.
"I never wanted to get married but that's the path God has chosen for me," he says.
In recent times, as demand for calligraphy brushes has declined, Chikuhodo (founded in 1952, the company employs more than 100 workers) and other well known Kumano companies began producing high-end makeup brushes and paint brushes, while still using traditional artisan techniques.
The abducted boys are all named after their biological father, Nephra Payne, 34.
This points to the distinct possibility that in the iPhone 5, Apple will no longer be using those OmniVision 5-megapixel image sensors currently inside the iPhone 4.
(CNN) -- Japan's national sport of sumo wrestling was rocked by a match-fixing scandal on Thursday after it was revealed three wrestlers had admitted to rigging bouts.
Many iReporters devoted a lot of time and effort into perfecting their costumes, such as Jason Chuon and his partner Jeremy Kidd, who went to creative lengths to create their nun-chuck couples costume: "We did some searching online and came across a website that sold chain links in every size and color one could imagine."
She was also the youngest Saudi to reach the top of the world and was part of the first Arab team to make the climb.
(CNN) -- An American convicted of being an al Qaeda operative was resentenced to life in prison Monday in a Virginia courtroom after an appeals court ruled his 30-year prison sentence was too lenient.
Less than a week after a tightly controlled trial, a Chinese court Tuesday found a prominent Uyghur scholar guilty of "separatism" and sentenced him to life in prison, his lawyer said.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- The world thought the U.S.
If convicted, he faces a sentence of 15 years to life, WKBW reported, citing prosecutors.
Dutch Ruppersberger, D-Maryland, concludes there was no intelligence failure prior to the attack, no stand-down order to CIA operatives trying to go assist at the besieged consular building and found conflicting intelligence in the wake of the attack about the motive and cause, which were reflected in early public comments by the administration.
Singapore Airlines was the top-rated international airline for both premium seating and economy seating, receiving a survey-high score of 28 out of 30 for its premium seats.
Japan Election Day - Explore the reasons behind a shift in political power in Japan.
Replacing Kennedy - Consider what could be next for Ted Kennedy's seat in the U.S.
Shuttle Liftoff - Find out how many shuttle missions remain on NASA's schedule.
They are powered by solar panels and are equipped with rotating chests and surveillance cameras that record the flow of vehicles.
In a news conference at Gleneagles in Scotland -- next fall's venue for the biennial golf clash -- U.S.
It has said it does not plan to run a candidate for president when elections are held to replace Hosni Mubarak, who resigned on Friday.
The IAEA announced Saturday its inspectors were leaving for the much-anticipated inspection.
The inspection comes after Iran said Friday that it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a deal that could help end the international showdown over its nuclear activities.
The report urged the government to establish a moratorium on executions and consider abolishing the death penalty.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Militants set fire to a hotel at Pakistan's only ski resort Thursday, as security in the Swat Valley continued to deteriorate despite a month-old peace deal.
Militants forced their way into the state-run hotel in the northwestern tourist valley early Thursday morning, ransacked it and set it on fire, said Sardar Rehim Shahzad, district coordinator for Swat police.
On March 18, the final negotiations for an arms trade treaty will begin in New York.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- A grand jury returned an 11-count indictment against Lonnie David Franklin Jr., the alleged "Grim Sleeper" serial killer accused of murdering 10 victims over a 20-year span, authorities announced Thursday.
Since the vote, Iran has seen turmoil not witnessed since the 1979 Islamic revolution as thousands have taken to the streets to protest and security forces have brutally cracked down.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Dr.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning for the quake.
Calls on Skype for iPhone work only if you're in range of a Wi-Fi network, so your call quality will in part be at the mercy and strength of wireless networks nearby--calls will not work over the cell phone network on the iPhone (but chatting will).
The Vatican says it did not know about the abuse until 20 years after civil authorities investigated and later dropped the case.
• The first new Supreme Court term of the Obama presidency kicks off, and Sonia Sotomayor gets down to official business as the nation's first Hispanic high court justice.
The report came on the day that U.S.
(CNN) -- Maj.
A lifeguard spotted him struggling in the water and large number of sharks in the area, a rescue official said.
(CNN) -- Seven-times Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong has once again denied claims from a former teammate that he used drugs during his cycling career.
Vanbuskirk, 36, was a 13-year veteran of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, and worked with the rescue division for six years.
The server accessed contained only files intended for public consumption, she said.
A spate of recent violent incidents has rocked Xinjiang, a resource-rich region long inhabited by the Turkic-speaking, largely Muslim Uyghurs.
(CNN) -- The building at Fort Hood, Texas, where Army Maj.
Helicopter gunships and fixed-wing aircraft targeted the villages while armed militias rode in on horses and camels to force about 30,000 people from their homes, according to the report.
But Russia is one of the few countries in the world that is nearly self-sufficient in its defense production, according to IHS Jane's expert Guy Anderson.
The U.S.
(CNN) -- Maybe the cash-strapped U.S. government should start selling iPads.
Its Macs, iPhones and iPads remain hot sellers, its stock has surged past $400 a share and Apple just became the world's largest smartphone vendor by volume.
Amazingly, Disney's animated musical Frozen also broke Harry Potter's records during its opening weekend, though it wasn't quite as gigantic as Catching Fire.
Thor: The Dark World held onto third place with $15.5 million over the extended frame and $11.1 million for the weekend.
(CNN) -- The Los Angeles Lakers beat the Boston Celtics 83-79 in game seven of the NBA finals in L.A. on Thursday night, to claim back-to-back championships and the team's 16th title in the world's most prestigious basketball competition.
The report found that about 90 percent of primate species in Vietnam and Cambodia were at risk of extinction.
The Atlanta-based civil rights group is closely linked to the Rev.
"There will be signed 'Breaking Bad' scripts, posters, dolls, action figures and some really cool 'Breaking Bad' art hidden all over the Hollywood area," Paul wrote.
The explosion happened at the market's busiest time of the day.
On Monday, Pakistan's parliament started to debate whether the United States should be made to stop CIA drone strikes altogether in the Pakistani border regions with Afghanistan and also whether the U.S. should apologize for NATO airstrikes that killed some two dozen Pakistani soldiers late last year.
Ruby Productions produces Tokuda's movies and specializes in elderly porn videos.
Ruby Productions says it's just meeting a demand of an aging Japanese society.
U.S.
All five living U.S.
He was also the fourth man from his small hilltop village to be killed fighting for the rebels.
Some fans of the show said they boycotted the movie because the three lead actors are Caucasian.
The ruling by the high court in Peshawar follows similar ruling from lower courts and the Election Commission.
Buckley AFB in Aurora, Colorado, is the closest military base to the scene of the shootings.
Catherine and Herbert Schaible turned to prayer rather than medicine to treat their son Brandon, who died in April from bacterial pneumonia, dehydration and strep, according to the district attorney's office.
More than 30,000 people have been affected by flooding, mainly in Pakistan's southwestern Balochistan province, said Murtaza Baid, spokesman for the Frontier Corps.
Canada's wines have gained ever-greater kudos in recent years and while smaller-scale production and the industry dominance of other wine regions means they'll never be a global market leader, there are some truly lip-smacking surprises waiting for thirsty grape lovers.
Victims' family members have said they don't trust Mexican authorities and have called for an independent international investigation of the case.
The Rinspeed sQuba is a fully submersible car designed by Swiss car designer Frank M Rinderknecht.
Pakistan's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success, sometimes agreeing to peace deals that eventually fall apart.
Authorities looking Graham found the remains last Saturday on an abandoned property eight miles from where the sophomore was last seen.
"He is dealing with serious personal issues at this time," a Fox News spokeswoman said in an e-mail to CNN on Thursday.
The FBI eventually blamed the attacks on a civilian scientist at the Army's biological research laboratory at Fort Detrick, Maryland.
"If people are told by their doctor that they are overweight, it corrects their perception," says the lead author of the study, Robert Post, M.D., research director of the Virtua Family Medicine Residency in Voorhees, New Jersey.
Doctors may be reluctant to broach the subject of weight for a number of reasons, Post says.
Roughly two-thirds of U.S. adults are now overweight or obese, and as Americans have grown heavier, the perception of what constitutes a normal weight has changed as well, Post says.
Thousands of people have died in South Sudan because of drought and political violence.
Four switch fires -- but no crashes or injuries -- have been reported, Honda said.
Army Sgt.
McGregor, for his part, said he also emerged "sore" from his scenes with Carano but called the fight scenes "good fun."
Carano has officially retired from MMA but says she hasn't ruled out a return.
The United States plans to withdraw all its combat troops from Iraq by August, leaving 50,000 in advisory roles.
No matter what happened at the meeting, Gibbs said, Obama will not announce a decision on troop deployment until at least next week.
The studio that produced her return to daytime television has announced that "The Ricki Lake Show" will not be renewed for a second year.
CNN was not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count, with medical officials saying a final number would come after they had a chance to comb through the premises looking for bodies.
In the German Bundesliga Bayer Leverkusen were held to a 2-2 draw by a 10-man Hanover on Saturday, leaving Leverkusen in mid-table and Hanover third behind leaders Hoffenheim.
Hamburg drew 1-1 at home to Nuremberg which leaves them second in the table.
Sen.
His song "Livin' La Vida Loca" rose to the top of the music charts in 1999 and propelled Martin to stardom.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- With the election of the next president a year away, Sen.
On Super Bowl Sunday, the FAA will establish a virtual no-fly zone around the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, where Super Bowl XLIX will be played.
The Brazilian government was working with local governments Friday to deliver food, cleaning materials and other supplies to the affected areas -- using helicopters to reach some areas made impassable by flooded roads.
Rain has fallen steadily in some parts of the country for more than two weeks and is forecast to continue for another 10 days.
Pollution levels remained far above international standards, as the city's monitoring stations on Tuesday showed that concentrations of PM2.5 -- the tiny airborne particles considered most harmful to health -- were more than 30 times the World Health Organization's recommended standard, the state-run China Daily reported.
"Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation," says Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart.
The 200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from Vox Pop, a coffee shop in Brooklyn.
Erwiana's case is now at the center of an investigation and protests by thousands of people who rallied in Hong Kong on Sunday to demand justice for the young Indonesian maid.
Watch Venus Williams on Revealed this week at the times below:
Watch D.C.
The hard-liners also seek full normalization of relations with Washington before more talks about scrapping their nuclear arsenal.
1) Men's 4x400 relay: U.S. hopes to continue streak
Bedell appears to have been the same man who had railed against the government repeatedly on the Internet.
Inter confirmed on their official Web site that they rescinded Adriano's contract from April 1st, after the 27-year-old walked out on the club to return to his homeland, citing depression and claiming he needed a break from football.
(CNN) -- U.S.
DENVER, Colorado (CNN) -- Democratic presidential nominee Sen.
Rep.
A Quinnipiac University survey released Wednesday indicated the first term U.S.
The communist Khmer Rouge regime under Pol Pot was blamed for the deaths of some 1.7 million people through torture, execution, hard labor and starvation from 1975 to 1979.
So to play that is going to be fun," Bardem said about his joining the 00-franchise.
(CNN) -- Russian oligarch Dmitry Rybolovlev is set to lose half his wealth after being ordered to pay his former wife $4.5 billion in a settlement dubbed the "most expensive divorce in history."
Rybolovlev's total wealth is estimated at $8.8 billion, according to the 2014 Forbes list of billionaires.
So while we shouldn't expect a platform like Meetup to make any presidential candidate a viable challenger the way it did in 2003 and early 2004 with Dean, it (along with other online platforms and social networks) is helping do something even bigger: It is enabling Americans to create quasi-third parties that are bringing new voices and new issues into the national debate.
No flights were allowed to leave from Terminal C Sunday evening and thousands of other travelers who had reached the sterile area after going through checkpoints were moved back to the public area to be re-screened, the TSA said.
Air travel for the holiday is expected to rise 3.7%, thanks to a 4% dip in airfares from last year.
M-Pesa has nearly 17 million active customers and as many as 186,000 agents worldwide.
(CNN) -- Anna Nicole Smith's longtime partner and attorney Howard K.
World No.
World No.
"I am never going to retire," Boxer said.
Tropical Storm Arlene is the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season.
TOYAKO, Japan (CNN) -- President Bush on Sunday defended his decision to attend next month's Olympics opening ceremony in Beijing, saying that to boycott "would be an affront to the Chinese people."
"Mexico has not achieved the advances its people demand and deserve," he said.
Abid Naseer, 28, who was arrested in 2009 in Manchester, England, where he had been living on a student visa, was described by Brooklyn federal prosecutor Celia Cohen as a "key member" of a broad scheme to "take innocent lives" during a series of failed attacks at a Manchester shopping center, a newsroom in Copenhagen and the subways of New York.
U.S. officials have said all options were under consideration, including sanctions and enforcement of a no-fly zone, to try to stop the Libyan government from attacking protesters.
In a stunning move, AT&T has acquired T-Mobile USA for a whopping $39 billion from Deutsche Telekom.
AT&T and T-Mobile USA combined have over 25% more subscribers now than Verizon (125+ million vs.
The U.N. plan and a flash appeal for funding will be introduced to the international community in the near future, he said.
Bell died of complications after a surgery earlier this month, but the announcement of his death only came Monday via his label, Warp Records.
Investigators are trying to determine what caused the accident, TV Record reported.
The Zeros' second album "Here," hit No.5 on the Billboard 200 chart, and peaked atop Billboard's Independent and Folk album charts.
She reached out to South Carolina psychiatrist Dr.
The deadliest Ebola outbreak in history has killed at least 2,600 people in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone -- the countries most affected by the virus -- since the first case was documented in December.
A fund has been set up to help pay for the family's medical expenses.
About 5 million people in the United States have chronic heart failure, in which the heart becomes too weak to pump blood through the body effectively.
California GOP Rep.
(CNN) -- Switzerland's Massimo Busacca has been selected to referee Wednesday's Champions League final between Barcelona and Manchester United in Rome on Wednesday -- UEFA have confirmed on their official Web site UEFA.com
The Pakistani citizen was taken into U.S.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of W.
Operation Serval seeks to push Islamist groups out of northern Mali's key cities as well as smaller towns dotted through this vast region.
Their trial is set to start on June 12 before a court in the capital, Kampala.
"Airplane!"
A U.S. intelligence source said the CIA is operating in the country to help increase U.S. "military and political understanding" of the situation.
Beijing, China (CNN) -- U.S.
During his final hours in China, Obama visited the Great Wall before flying to South Korea, where he will meet with President Lee Myung-bak.
Advertisers have fled newspapers for the greener, cheaper pastures of the internet and they're not coming back.
Americans filed 275,284 reports claiming to be ripped off on the Internet, the highest number reported since the center began keeping statistics in 2000.
He had met with the first confirmed MERS patient in the United States, an American resident who had traveled from Saudi Arabia to Indiana.
Two confirmed cases of MERS have been imported into the country.
MERS is a coronavirus, the same group of viruses as the common cold.
It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties.
Toyoda's long silence as the company deliberated what to do is a hallmark of the Japanese culture of consensus building.
Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple, which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side.
The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962, but the 1.8 square mile (4.6 sq. km) area around it was never fully demarcated.
However, a fearsome title alone won't clinch a multi-million dollar sale, so military trade events like air shows give weapons manufacturers a chance to show off their products -- even if the hard sell has been done over months and years of networking and negotiations.
Most of the military products on display are marketed as defensive rather than offensive, with "protecting assets" and "commanding combat zones" being common terms.
The U.S.
"I used to have nightmares about Lucio and I separating.
The National Asian Pacific American Women's Forum applauds the Obama administration for their rule change.
"It's bizarre.
Despite their best efforts, Syria's neighbours like Jordan can't handle the influx of refugees.
SAN FRANCISCO, California (Reuters) -- Microsoft Corp said Monday it will cut the price of its main Xbox 360 video game console model by about 13 percent in the United States, hoping to boost sales ahead of the crucial holiday season.
Greenberg said Microsoft timed the price cut to coincide with the release of Electronic Arts Inc's "Madden NFL 08", the latest installment of the publisher's top-selling football franchise.
The 58-year-old Dutchman will be hoping for his second victory in the tournament which he first won with Amsterdam-based team Ajax back in 1995, when he goes head-to-head with Jose Mourinho's Inter Milan in Madrid on 22 May.
Van Gaal has won an impressive 18 titles from the four clubs he has managed over the course of his career and some of his greatest achievements arguably come from his time in charge of Ajax in the mid 90's.
The ruling orders that a European arrest warrant be issued for Demjanjuk, who is currently on trial in Germany on charges of being an accessory to thousands of murders during World War II.
(CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo is at the peak of his powers on the pitch and off it: The Portuguese star has opened a museum dedicated to his glittering football career in his hometown of Funchal .
Haqqani fighters are blamed for killing more than 1,000 coalition and Afghan forces.
The fight happened inside a tanning salon Sorrentino co-owns with his brother.
She included Maryland Gov.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (CNN) -- Puerto Rico's Gov.
AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam announced in court last week that he intended to call Michael Jackson's elderly mother to question her "about the absurdity of the damages" she wants the jury to award if they decide the company is liable.
(CNN) -- Pope Benedict XVI on Monday said he plans on resigning the papal office on February 28.
Most of those being smuggled were recruited from Afghanistan, Iraq, Pakistan, Syria and Turkey by the criminal ring targeted in these raids.
Ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya appears Tuesday at the U.N.
Israel says the organized resistance of armed passengers aboard the Mavi Marmara justified the use of deadly force.
The New York Department of Buildings said residents in six adjacent buildings were told to leave those structures as investigators worked to determine the cause of the collapse.
Low humidity and moderate temperatures give Big Sky its characteristic "cold smoke" powder (it's also the name of a local microbrew).
Those are the numbers behind Sgt.
Under Odeh's leadership, Israel's tiny, splintered Arab parties have teamed up for the first time to form a slate known as the Joint List.
The situation has gotten so out of hand that tiny Guinea-Bissau, the fifth-poorest nation in the world, is being called Africa's first narco-state.
"RIP Michael Jackson ...
And in one case, McCauley is accused of forging a $3 million dollar check written on Cook's account, according to the Massachusetts attorney general's office.
Sports Illustrated and the U.S.
Over three years of high oil prices have led to a boom time for the region's oil exporters, but recent figures from the U.S.
Cuba Gooding Sr. may have an Oscar-winning son, but he knows a thing or two about showbiz himself.
William F.
One person was killed in Springfield, two in nearby Westfield and one in Brimfield, about 20 miles east, Massachusetts Gov.
Authorities say Cornell planned to set off bombs at the U.S.
The justices unanimously ruled against Dennis Apel, a longtime critic of U.S. military policy who for 17 years has protested around Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.
That issue will continue to percolate in the lower federal courts, and may yet give the 63-year-old man a right to return to Vandenberg, where location is integral to his message.
"I am born for the battlefield.
Lugo has been charged with six separate counts including burglary, grand theft and possession of controlled substance without prescription, according to a police statement.
(CNN) -- Jenson Button has emerged a surprise contender to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren in what would be an exciting partnership for the 2010 season.
"I'm on your side, man.
(CNN) -- The Tampa Bay Rays and St.
(CNN) -- As head of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), Dr.
Pachauri was awarded the Padma Bhushan -- one of India's highest civilian awards -- for his environmental work.
The U.S.
Johnson is on a mission to get Air Canada -- the airline he flies most -- to stop charging the fee.
A man was pushed to his death from the subway platform into the path of the D train on Sunday.
Bronx resident Wai Kuen Kwok, 61, was killed by the incoming subway train, police said.
But a leading voice in the sector says the country's austerity measures are working, and Greece's remaining banks will emerge from the crisis in a stronger position.
"This is embarrassing.
Frawley said Monday that Army Vice Chief of Staff Gen.
"I need to have time to really analyze this report so I can comment on it," Chief Tom Jackson said Thursday in an exclusive interview with CNN.
During the show, Dr.
Coalition forces are working to secure Helmand Province and establish a legitimate government there and are launching an offensive to target up to 1,000 Taliban fighters in Kandahar.
(CNN) -- You don't have to be a motorcycle enthusiast to be wowed by the custom bikes created by Paul Teutul Sr. and his sons as seen on the Discovery Network's "American Chopper" for a decade and now airing on CMT's "Orange County Choppers."
(CNN) -- Fifty thousand soldiers will patrol the streets of Bogota, Colombia, after violent protests that left at least two people dead and dozens injured, President Juan Manuel Santos announced Friday.
Vandals have smashed windows at foreign businesses, banks and fast-food restaurants.
Dylan Quick, 20, was charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon after the stabbings, said Donna Hawkins, an official with the Harris County Prosecutor's Office.
The Weinstein Company decided on Monday that it would release the film unrated after the MPAA refused to lower the R rating it gave the film last month.
The Weinstein Company decided on Monday that it would release the film unrated after the MPAA refused to lower the R rating it gave the film last month.
Reports suggested the opposition Democratic Alliance could be on course to claim control of Western Cape province -- but the ANC was ahead in the country's eight other provinces.
Because Colorado Gov.
The Ethiopians had agreed to withdraw from some bases by Friday under an agreement signed last month by the Somali transitional government and a rebel faction known as the Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia.
(CNN) -- France have won the Six Nations rugby title for the first time since 2007 following defending champions Ireland's shock home defeat to Scotland on Saturday.
"There must be something wrong when it is considered risky to be a Good Samaritan," China Daily wrote in an editorial this week.
But on the morning of the scheduled vote, Rep.
"The surgery went well," says a source close to the show.
Christians are feeling the heat in other parts of the Muslim world as well.
Once there, it was determined that she was eligible for home confinement instead of jail, he said.
She was fitted with an electronic ankle bracelet to monitor her movements and ensure she stays at home, except as allowed by the court, Whitmore said.
By Monday, the U.S.
They include blood pressure higher than 140 over 90, severe headaches usually in the back of the head, swelling in the hands and face, upper abdominal pain, nausea and sudden weight gain.
As the Latino population grows, so will the variety of foods that cater to them.
(CNN) -- At least 10 people were killed and more than 100 wounded following a pair of bombings Saturday in the southern Thai city of Yala, Thai media reported.
The vaccine is called Bexsero and is made by Novartis.
Self-immolation is a common form of protest for Tibetans who want genuine autonomy from China and accuse Beijing of repression.
"I put my life on the line and I was wounded in combat, and I came back and they're not going to take care of my medical bills?"
Army Sgt.
CNN on Wednesday contacted the office of Sen.
"The whole battlefield and all those in it from foreign to local fighters will pay the price for losing a great jihad and the (Syrian) regime will rebound after it was near disappearing," al-Joulani warns in the new message posted on online jihadist forums.
Appearing on CNN Sunday night, U.S.
According to Facebook, users either "love playing games or hate them," and the company so far didn't have "the right tools to enable developers to grow their games while at the same time providing a great user experience for non-gamers."
(CNN) -- French Open champion Roger Federer dramatically withdrew from the Halle Open tournament on Tuesday saying he was "overwhelmed and exhausted" after his Paris triumph.
He traditionally uses the German follow-up event as his warm-up for Wimbledon which starts on June 22.
The waterside restaurants don't shine for their innovative cuisine, but they're worth a stop for the prime real estate -- westward-facing Harbour Town is one of the best spots on the island to catch the sunset.
A memorial service will be held Tuesday at her home, organized by the local Muslim community.
Afghanistan triumphed over Kenya by seven wickets at the recent World Cricket League Championship in Sharjah, UAE to win the right to play at the 2015 World Cup.
Swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig.
Another 90,000 World Cup tickets will go on sale to the public on Friday morning -- including tickets for the opening games, semifinals and final.
Because Groupon is primarily a sales and writing organization, built on people-power and smiles.
The size of a Cuban cigar, it extrudes hot, quick-setting plastic from its nozzle nib, allowing you to "sketch" out small 3D models in minutes.
A top priority is stopping the fire from spreading further in Yosemite National Park.
Vietnamese Gen.
Markoff pleaded not guilty in the April 14 and April 10 incidents and is being held without bail.
Sen.
Khan is widely regarded as a hero in Pakistan for his part in helping the country to develop nuclear weapons.
He also played the captain of an overturned ocean liner in the 1972 disaster movie, "The Poseidon Adventure."
Harry Nicolaides, 41, was arrested last August over his 2005 book titled "Verisimilitude."
The book includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince that authorities deemed a violation of a law that makes it illegal to defame, insult or threaten the crown.
(CNN) -- The iPhone 4S -- Apple's newest creation -- quietly went on pre-sale at 12 a.m. on Friday.
Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize recipient in 1991, has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arrest for her opposition to authoritarian rule in the nation formerly known as Burma.
As much as aging Arab autocrats fear their people, they also fear Iran.
(CNN) -- The Committee to Protect Journalists has placed 12 countries on its Impunity Index, a list of countries where journalists have been killed and their killers have not been found.
Lawyers for both sides are due to present arguments Monday morning in a U.S. federal court in Tampa, Florida, in another round of the case that started last year, Odyssey spokeswoman Natja Igney told CNN.
Republican state Sen.
A Pew Research Center poll published Wednesday indicates that U.S.
The Akshaya Patra Foundation is working with the government to feed 1.4 million underprivileged children every day.
Smith disappeared in May 2012 after leaving a friend's house without saying where he was going.
His black Mercedes was recovered at a storage facility last year, but his whereabouts remained a mystery.
Klitschko acknowledged his opponent was in fine physical condition, but the 1996 Olympic gold medal winner said Haye will be the 50th knockout victim of his professional career and that the experience will make him "a better person."
Late last week, Rolling Stone chatted separately with E Street Band guitarists Steven Van Zandt and Nils Lofgren about the new E Street Band and how they're carrying on after the loss of Clarence Clemons.
Following the miscarriage late Sunday night, Michelle began to feel lightheaded and as a precaution was taken to the hospital, where she was kept for observation, according to a family spokesperson.
Michelle is recovering well and expected to return home later on Monday, the spokesperson adds.
Doing it with news cameras rolling on a busy Saturday night in the middle of Times Square is something Det.
The bank blamed the bleak outcome on a "decrease of net fees and commissions" in businesses such as investment trust, insurance securities and real estate.
US Airways Flight 1070 -- which police said was bound for Bermuda with 102 passengers and five crew members -- was towed to a secure part of the airport, where baggage was removed from the plane to be screened by bomb-sniffing dogs.
(CNN) -- Gael Monfils saved five match points before beating top seed Roger Federer 7-6 6-7 7-6 to reach the final of the Paris Masters on Saturday.
Yamaguchi spoke publicly about his experiences and appealed for the abolition of nuclear weapons at venues such as the United Nations.
About 140,000 people perished in Hiroshima and an additional 70,000 in Nagasaki.
(CNN) -- Concerned parents of students at the U.S.
(CNN) -- European Ryder Cup teammates Lee Westwood and Justin Rose will play off for the World Golf Finals title after both Britons won their last-four ties on Thursday.
She runs global health and care organization BUPA and under her leadership it has grown to over 8 million customers in over 190 countries and record revenues.
Washington (CNN) -- President Obama met Wednesday with Haitian President Rene Preval to discuss relief, recovery and reconstruction efforts in Haiti.
Meanwhile, complaints about bottlenecks that have hindered the delivery of food, water and medicine to survivors persisted even as U.S. and U.N. officials said the effort has begun to make progress.
This pungent powder is used to flavor everything from tagines to mechoui (slow-roasted lamb).
Train company ONCF operates one of the best train networks in Africa, making it the easiest way to travel between cities.
Chinese travelers also have to grapple with chronic delays in the country's busiest air hubs.
London (CNN) -- A retired bishop and a retired priest have been arrested by British police on suspicion of sexual offences against boys and young men -- one as young as 12 -- in the 1980s and 1990s.
The pair are understood to have worked alongside each other in the Chichester Diocese, but police say the allegations are being treated separately, and that there is no suggestion that the men acted together.
Sussex Police insists that there are "no allegations of recent or current offending" and that there is nothing to suggest any young people are currently at risk.
The England midfielder is due to return to the Los Angeles Galaxy in March but playmaker Kaka said Beckham had already shown his star qualities.
Violence has dropped dramatically in Iraq since the peak of Sunni-Shiite clashes in 2006 and 2007 and the withdrawal of U.S. troops from the country in December 2011, but insurgent attacks against civilians and security forces persist.
(CNN) -- Manchester City crushed Aston Villa 4-0 with Mario Balotelli scoring a hat-trick to go temporarily top of the English Premier League ahead of city rivals Manchester United's 1-1 draw at Birmingham later Tuesday.
As it turns out, "Going the Distance" is quite contemporary, but the wistful retro vibe is no accident.
They fall in love because they like each other's company, and Barrymore and Long have just the right sort of chemistry; they act out the rhythms of companionship.
Kids between the ages of 5 and 9 have the highest rate of dog bite injuries, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Even with training, some pets simply do not interact well around strange people or pets.
The U.S.
While critics say the poll is merely a political show to legitimize the country's rubber stamp parliament -- previous elections in 2009 returned Kim Jong il (Kim Jong Un's predecessor and father) with a 100% mandate on a 99.98% turnout -- observers will be poring over the list of legislators for clues as to how Kim will govern the Communist nation over the next five years.
Women in their 40s are leading the charge towards adventure.
Fingerprint verification could also add an extra layer of security when making mobile payments, for example.
Currently only around one in 10 board members in Europe's top companies are women.
Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines.
(The Hollywood Reporter)Tom Petty has been given a songwriting credit for Sam Smith's hit song "Stay With Me" -- but he won't be collecting a Grammy if the tune wins best song.
Canadian Sen.
(CNN) -- American striker Clint Dempsey says the U.S. team has drawn confidence from impressive performances against Brazil, Spain and England but says Friday's World Cup clash with Slovenia is a match his side cannot afford to lose.
(CNN) -- American striker Clint Dempsey says the U.S. team has drawn confidence from impressive performances against Brazil, Spain and England but says Friday's World Cup clash with Slovenia is a match his side cannot afford to lose.
(CNN) -- Jason Momoa's audition tape for "Game of Thrones" is an impressive piece of work.
Baldwin's attorney, James Cobb, said he was disappointed with the decision.
The oil separation technology was developed in the 1990s by a company created by Costner, but Baldwin became involved while in New Orleans to produce a documentary about the Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2010.
President Barack Obama has repeatedly insisted he will not put U.S. forces on the ground and will instead work to advise and train coalition and Iraqi forces to fight ISIS.
Monday, U.S.
Cheyenne Woods was four strokes shy of qualifying for the weekend rounds of the LPGA Tour's Wegmans event at Locust Hill in Rochester, New York.
Many Cuban exiles feel that the Castro regime has won the war for more than 50 years and that normalizing relations is another victory for a corrupt and evil dictatorship.
Major League Baseball's New York Yankees are fourth on the list, valued at $2.3 billion, while NFL teams the Cowboys and the New England Patriots are fifth and sixth worth $2.1 billion and $1.64 billion respectively.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Hong Kong police on Thursday charged two ferry captains with manslaughter following a fatal ferry collision last year that left 39 people dead -- the city's worst maritime disaster in decades.
"When I hit 22, I stopped counting," Barbour is quoted as saying in a phone interview from Northumberland County Prison on Friday night.
"I believe I was silent for several minutes.
In a statement published on the Gara website on Sunday, ETA --- which is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence in northern Spain and southwest France -- calls on the Spanish government to "agree to the minimum democratic solutions necessary to start a democratic process."
The majority of the "knockoff" products originate in China, officials said.
It doesn't make sense to put heavier tax burdens on people who choose to save for the future rather than spend today, particularly when their savings finance the investments that drive the economy's long-run growth.
Aiko actually means "love child" in Japanese but the software engineer denies he has created the robot for sex.
The isolated nuclear regime, which has denied involvement in the Sony hack, was already subject to a strict set of U.S. economic restrictions.
(CNN) -- The Marine accused of killing Lance Cpl.
Action figure Steve even has a tiny iPhone in his left hand (he's holding it wrong, we think), but perhaps the most amusing parts of this cute toy are the speech bubble cards that you can stick to Steve's head and write your favorite Stevejobsian catch phrase on it.
Baroness Susan Kramer apologized for the inadvertently inauspicious gift -- the word for a watch or clock in Chinese sounds like "the end" and many associate it with death.
The massive implosion, which came at about 5pm local time Friday at the Yongbyon facility, was intended to be a powerful public symbol of a move to end nuclear activities by the Communist nation once branded a member of an "axis of evil" by U.S.
"This is not a game.
Patrick's Day is the feast day St.
The concept has been around since the 1940s when science fiction writer Isaac Asimov posited the idea of a robot-manned space station that delivered energy to Earth via microwaves.
Some variants of the idea could even see as much as 1GW of energy beamed to receivers on Earth -- enough to power a large city.
As a candidate, Obama promised immigration issues would be a priority in his first year.
Local officials responsible for the demolition say the church was an illegal structure that was four times the permitted structure size.
Al Qaeda launched a wave of attacks on government buildings, oil installations and international contractors in Saudi Arabia in 2003.
We respected him as the commander-in-chief of the military and for giving us the green light on the mission," wrote the former SEAL, who was a 36-year-old chief petty officer when he left the Navy as a highly decorated commando in April.
In the town of Lyons, about 15 miles north of Boulder, flood waters pushed entire houses around like furniture.
The 800-million-pixel panorama shows an edge-on view of the plane of our galaxy, complete with points of interests such as the 12-billion-year-old, star-packed globular cluster Omega Centauri and the beautiful, reddish Rosette Nebula.
Myanmar is gradually emerging from decades of authoritarian military rule that resulted in internal oppression and international isolation.
With just a few key tools, you can update almost every item in your closet creatively--no sewing required!
Gov.
His No.
His creations were a fixture on the red carpet and in the Oval Office.
Dutch officials have commissioned the recovery and transport of the wreckage back to the Netherlands as part of the investigation into the cause of the crash.
The passenger jet carrying 298 people was shot down in July over a rural area of eastern Ukraine controlled by pro-Russian separatists.
Asked if Hayes could face charges, the U.S.
(CNN) -- Paul J.
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- CNN was targeted Thursday by attempts to interrupt its news Web site, resulting in countermeasures that caused the service to be slow or unavailable to some users in limited areas of Asia.
A CNN spokesman said the Web site began to notice problems around midday Thursday and took measures to isolate the trouble by limiting the number of users who could access it from specific geographic areas.
On Wednesday, President Obama extended certain federal benefits to the domestic partners of federal employees.
(CNN) -- World No.
Riots from Haiti to Bangladesh to Egypt this year over surging food prices brought the issue to a boiling point.
What do you know about the significant people, places and events that helped shape America?
Deficiencies in folic acid -- the synthetic form of folate, a B vitamin -- have been linked to both neural-tube defects and cleft lip and palate.
Elsewhere in Germany, Hertha Berlin captain Levan Kobiashvili has been handed a record seven-and-a-half-month ban after he admitted hitting referee Wolfgang Stark.
Five people were reported killed in the fighting, Iranian state-run Press TV said late Sunday.
He writes for CNN's Vital Signs about how the island of Zanzibar has virtually eliminated the disease over the past five years.
With funding from the President's Malaria Initiative, the World Bank, and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria, Zambia greatly expanded the use of proven tools to prevent and treat the disease, such as the use of indoor spraying with insecticides, distribution of bednets, and effective malaria treatment in government clinics.
Beijing (CNN) -- A dolphin who died in the southern Chinese city of Sanya Monday has sparked nationwide anger after pictures surfaced of tourists near the shore mistreating and posing with the dying animal were spread on Weibo, China's most popular social network site.
This discrepancy exists because certain "power users" dominate one kind of Facebook action.
Power users -- specializing in one of the activities describes above -- make up between 20% to 30% of the Facebook population.
Fox is going to re-air the pilot to "Married ... with Children" as part of its 25th-anniversary celebration.
The episode will be followed by an encore of "The Simpsons'" 500th episode and then the network's 25th Anniversary Special.
A simple majority was enough to be elected the prime minister.
For $10, visitors can take a turn at snake skinning.
Hello Kitty is responsible for more than half of Sanrio's billion dollar annual turnover.
"This is $500 to get a man or a woman or a child off the damp concrete," he said.
Santa Ana, California (CNN) -- A Fullerton police officer pleaded not guilty Wednesday to charges of involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force in the beating death of a mentally ill homeless man who died after a police arrest.
Admittedly, Facebook friending does seem to be out of control.
"The last thing I saw was her mouth wide open before everything went black.
It's uncertain if the account will still send tweets about the album or if it will be shut down after the online event.
Fans can submit questions to Madonna by tweeting @MadonnaMDNAday and using the hashtag #askmadonna.
While the star might think it's "very weird" to have a kid at his age -- "I'm going to be one of those old dads!" he told DeGeneres -- his age has nothing on the baby names he's thinking of.
Word of health facilities being pushed to the limit came as Israel announced on Monday it was opening up border crossings to allow the flow of humanitarian goods into the Palestinian territory.
69.97% -- Percentage of registered voters in Ohio who voted in the 2008 election, higher than the national average of 63%.
Congo has taken some measures to try to curb the sexual violence.
Well, according to recent research from Nielsen, Americans spend a collective total of about 160 million hours per month instant messaging -- so the odds are pretty good.
Matthew Alford, an associate of Stradley, Chernoff and Alford law firm in Houston, Texas, said Dr.
Jackson's family suspects that Murray can answer some questions about the singer's death, but they have been unable to contact him, the Rev.
(CNN) -- Arsenal gained revenge over Liverpool for their humiliating defeat last weekend with a 2-1 victory in a pulsating English FA Cup fifth round tie at the Emirates Sunday.
Goals in each half from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and German international Lukas Podolski gave Arsenal a two-goal cushion before a Liverpool fightback.
The popular ballads, known as narcocorridos, tell of shootings, police chases and armored cars
The bodies of two of the nine crew members on board were recovered, the report said.
The Piper Comanche 260 carrying a married couple landed on the southbound lanes of U.S.
Dr.
The line from the Tom Waits song "Jersey Girl," popularized by local hero Bruce Springsteen, was the main theme of the joint visit by Obama and Gov.
(CNN) -- Doctors Without Borders has embarked on a massive vaccination campaign in three African countries to combat an outbreak of meningitis that has killed hundreds of people, the organization said Wednesday.
"I'm a patriotic American, and if that's a crime in England, God help us all," he said.
Nanjing police have obtained two video clips of the suspect escaping the scene and published them online, and said Zeng is of medium build and wears black outfits during the robbery.
(CNN) -- Before NBC even aired "Peter Pan Live!" on Thursday night, its star, Allison Williams, asked viewers not to hate-watch it.
The United States has so far expressed support for Japan's efforts to resolve the abductions issue in a transparent way, saying it's in close contact with Tokyo on the matter.
Washington (CNN) -- Trying to strike a balance between shedding his isolationist label and defending his nontraditional GOP views on foreign policy, Sen.
Lt.
(CNN) -- A new report from the American Lung Association lists the cities that have the worst air pollution in the U.S.
This week, New York state agreed to several changes that would limit the use of solitary confinement for disciplining some groups of inmates, including those under 18 or pregnant women.
The grainy pictures appear to have been taken with a long camera lens while the duchess and her husband Prince William were staying at a private chateau in Provence in southern France
The Malaysian government has not said when or if the plane was reprogrammed to fly off course.
Finkbeiner says there are 100,000 children participating in 91 countries with 3.5 million trees planted.
Colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees -- up to 90 percent of colonies in some U.S. beekeeping operations -- imperiling the crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination, such as oranges, blueberries, apples and almonds.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- The alleged U.S. operative of a Mexican cartel was known as "The Pretty One."
The Mark Twain Prize for American Humor is awarded to performers who use comedy to influence American society.
Past recipients include George Carlin, Billy Crystal, Steve Martin and Whoopi Goldberg.
The state-run Antara News Agency had said that two people were reportedly killed when a 12-bus convoy carrying employees of PT Freeport was attacked by unidentified gunmen in the country's eastern-most province.
AEG Live's Marvin Putnam had asked jurors to find Michael Jackson responsible for his death, not the company that promoted and produced his comeback concerts in 2009.
(CNN) -- A city official in the remote Brazilian Amazon village of Envira told CNN that five members of the Kulina tribe are on the run after being accused of murdering, butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act of cannibalism.
The embassy in Tehran is now an Islamic cultural center and a museum, preserved from the days when it was a prison in 1979.
Pelosi is easy to spot in any crowd of U.S.
The bacteria can cause deadly diarrhea, according to the CDC, with infections on the rise.
The film stars Bruce Willis, Francis McDormand, Tilda Swinton and Ed Norton along with Anderson favorite Bill Murray and Jason Schwartzman.
The online contest is really a search for contestants for an OWN reality series in which competitors will then vie for their own show on the network.
(CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo has urged his Real Madrid teammates to carry their recent impressive form into the New Year after they cut Barcelona's lead at the top of Spain's La Liga to two points.
During a visit to troops at Fort Drum, New York, on Thursday, Gates said he is waiting to hear what Gen.
A dead 14-foot-long oarfish came ashore in Oceanside, California, on Friday afternoon, according to an Oceanside police dispatcher.
Algorithms determine how much insulin and Glucagon the patient needs, and if necessary the patient can manually override the device.
Gibbs' comments also come the same day Mrs.
Reagan is slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of President Reagan on Wednesday morning at the Capitol and then share a private White House lunch with first lady Michelle Obama.
The floodwaters cover an area the size of France and Germany combined and now stretch into the state of New South Wales.
There were no immediate reports of damage, and the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning.
The opinions in this commentary are solely those of J.R.
(CNN) -- Keegan Bradley rounded off a triumphant rookie season by claiming the PGA Tour's Grand Slam of Golf in Bermuda Wednesday.
Instead of improving, the problem of foodborne outbreaks is getting worse, the report says.
Brent, 24, in his third season with the team, was booked into the Irving City Jail on one count of intoxication manslaughter -- considered a second-degree felony that carries a potential two- to 20-year prison sentence with a maximum $10,000 fine.
Bone Thugs will perform their 1995 album "E.
Presale will start this Friday, May 18, at 10 a.m.
F.
In September this year, a United Nations inquiry into human rights abuses in North Korea highlighted the "unspeakable" and "widespread" atrocities being carried out in camps that required an international response, including a mother forced to drown her own baby and a prison camp inmate compelled to eat rodents and lizards just to survive.
(CNN) -- Defending world champion Jorge Lorenzo of Spain claimed victory in Sunday's Italian MotoGP at Mugello to close the gap on Casey Stoner in the overall title standings.
(CNN) -- Venus Williams' latest tennis outfit -- a revealing black-lace corset dress with bright red straps -- has caused controversy since she wore it for her first round match at the French Open.
(CNN) -- Football's global governing body FIFA will examine Bahrain's "unusual" 10-0 World Cup qualifying win over Indonesia on Wednesday.
Bahrain had scored just three goals in five previous Group E matches, while Indonesia had lost every game -- conceding 16 goals in the process.
H.
A Pakistani court in November found the 45-year-old woman guilty of defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed during a 2009 argument with Muslim fellow field workers.
(CNN) -- A haunting image by American photographer John Stanmeyer of African migrants in Djibouti has won the prestigious World Press Photo of the Year 2013 award.
U.S.
An additional one was discovered burned inside the apartment building next door a day later.
"All this for us?"
"It is a big surprise that 20 percent of people with health insurance can't afford to have the cancer therapy they need to save their lives," said John Seffrin of the American Cancer Society.
(CNN) -- Illinois Gov.
Showdog.com allows you to enter a virtual simulation dog show league.
Web-based E-wrestling federations allow you to draft a stable of grapplers and then receive points for their performance in the ring and appearances on broadcasts.
Krystal Square Off offers fantasy eating leagues for four to seven teams that allow you to score points based on how many mini hamburgers your roster can wolf down.
The Sri Lankan government says Tamil chief Velupillai Prabhakaran is dead.
Bulgaria is gaining a reputation as the top destination for skiers desperate for good snow and heaving local bars, but who lack funds to hit the likes of Switzerland and Italy.
But we've never seen one quite like Doug Lansky's new "Travel: The Guide," which punctures travel pretensions and myths with lots of big pictures, surprising graphics and humorous observations.
The app will launch for iPhone and Android in August, Adidas announced on its Instagram page.
The technology is part of the relaunch of "mi adidas," the shoemaker's customizable-sneakers program, and is available for its line of Originals lifestyle shoes, such as the ZX Flux (but not its sport shoes).
We expect them to set the standard for discipline and leadership and they failed at both.
And Republican Lt.
The Missing Link, Ginormica, the blue blob B.O.B. and Insectosaurus dominate "Monsters vs.
Abdoulaye Wade, 85, came to power in 2000 after multiple unsuccessful runs.
Past elections have included a smooth transition of power, a rarity in a continent with a history of election chaos, civil wars and coups.
(CNN) -- Mexican authorities on Saturday arrested four men in connection with last week's shooting death of a U.S.
Dubbed the phone hacking trial, it has ensnared big names, including Andy Coulson, a former Downing Street communications director.
Earn trust -- Create a trusted environment with your customers and make them feel valued.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London for more than two years in a bid to avoid extradition to Sweden, where he is wanted for questioning about allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
London (CNN) -- The United States, the European Union and Japan have filed a trade case over China's export restrictions on rare earth minerals that are crucial for the production of many high-tech devices.
Rare earths are 17 minerals with magnetic and conductive properties that are used in most of today's electronic devices, including flat-screen televisions, smart phones, hybrid cars and weapons.
China's dominance in the industry has led to suggestions it can be used as part of a trade war with the U.S. and Europe.
Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton are among the dignitaries expected to pay their respects to Byrd on Capitol Hill Thursday.
The futuristic tone of the game seemed to polarize fans on the Internet.
World No.
Anthony Field, Murray Cook and Greg Page met at Macquarie University in Sydney, Australia, where they were studying early childhood education and writing children's songs.
In Australia, their annual end of year national tour sells over 120,000 tickets, while their U.S.
In his first visit to France since last week's terror attacks, U.S.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Bush signed an executive order Friday expanding U.S.
Washington (CNN) -- Democratic Sen.
Epilepsy is a condition in which the normal activity of the brain malfunctions, causing recurrent seizures -- electrical storms in the brain -- that can be characterized by a range of symptoms, including sudden change in awareness, movement or sensation.
Connecticut Gov.
Some Subways will still make you the popular pizza sub from the 1990s.
They produced more than 280,000 gigawatt-hours of electricity in 2010 -- about 30 percent of Japan's total electricity generation.
Most Japanese plants -- including the three facing emergencies since the earthquake -- use boiling-water reactors, in which water circulated through the reactor is converted to steam and used to drive a generator.
At least 543 people are now known to have died when Typhoon Morakot hit Taiwan, the country's Central Emergency Operation Center said Thursday.
At least 117 people are still missing, and at least 46 people were injured.
The factory of C.F.
(CNN) -- Four boys ages 9 to 14 have been charged with sexually assaulting an 8-year old girl, police in Phoenix, Arizona, said Wednesday.
Detectives said the girl was placed in the custody of Phoenix child protective services after the attack because of her parents' attitude toward her.
Charles de Gaulle is the second busiest airport in Europe, after Heathrow in London.
"Everybody alright in the cheap seats?"
Police arrested Dr.
Gilberto Valle, who has already served 21 months in jail and faced life in prison on the kidnap conspiracy conviction, did not say a word when he appeared in a federal courtroom Tuesday.
"I still want this baby ... because this baby has saved my life," she said.
Coincidentally, Rancic recently filmed some on-the-street interviews to bust breast-cancer myths for the non-profit Bright Pink as part of National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, which marks its 25th anniversary this year.
Circulation of the virus in Vietnam threatens Thailand, Malaysia, Cambodia, Japan and the Korean peninsula, the FAO said.
"I haven't cried like this in a very long time," Katie Ryan, a member of the Alpine B Team, wrote on her blog, in a post titled "Ski in Peace Boys."
It was Martha-Ann Alito, wife of Justice Samuel Alito, who helped spearhead the cookbook project.
(CNN) -- The election victory of Massachusetts Sen.-elect Scott Brown is expected to be certified Thursday, which could allow him to be sworn in as early as Thursday afternoon to replace the late Sen.
Rev.
Istanbul (CNN) -- Turkish singer and actor Ibrahim Tatlises was in critical condition Monday after being shot in the head by unknown assailants early Monday morning, his doctor said on television.
The Rev.
"We know who killed him.
The execution followed the U.S.
But in an article posted late last week, Slate's Emily Bazelon alleged that some crucial parts of "Bully" are "utterly one-sided" and "factually questionable."
Along with the soaps, The Online Network is supposed to feature entertainment and lifestyle shows.
Last night, "The Hunger Games" grossed a truly staggering $19.7 million from midnight showings across the country -- the highest midnight total ever for a non-sequel, and the seventh highest midnight total ever (behind three "Harry Potters" and three "Twilights").
Based on this $19.7 million figure, "The Hunger Games" should take in at least $50 million on Friday and could reach as high as $150 million over the full weekend frame -- although that estimation is very bullish.
Know your news -- Take this quiz to test your knowledge of some summer headlines.
An object had been sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground and officials are trying to identify it.
Washington (CNN) -- The Pentagon may announce as soon as this weekend a plan to bring up to 400,000 furloughed civilian employees back to work, according to two Defense Department officials.
Nigeria is on the frontline in the global fight against counterfeit drugs.
Rep.
Auguste and Louis Lumiere are credited with creating the first film camera (the cinematograph) in 1892.
Former President Bill Clinton and actor Morgan Freeman made the case for the United States in Zurich, Switzerland, where FIFA executives voted Thursday.
"You can't snap your fingers and make it happen just by magic," U.N.
KILLEEN, Texas (CNN) -- Spc.
The Wallflowers broke through in 1996 with the quadruple-platinum album "Bringing Down the Horse" before going on hiatus in 2007.
The investigation has led to the indictment and prosecution of more than 20 people -- "from distributors to overseas sources of supply" -- and the seizure of more than 600 pounds of imported hashish and other drugs from the United States and France, according to the statement.
"The Scream," created in 1895 by artist Edvard Munch, will be on display at Sotheby's starting April 27 and then go up for sale May 2.
In February major Hollywood studios stopped distributing films to Indonesia, after the government said it would impose a new royalty tax on imported movies.
Most of the companies that received faxes had prior contact with North Korea through inter-Korean events or business operations, Lee said.
The predator, nicknamed Raptorex, lived about 60 million years before the T. rex and was slightly larger than the human male, scientists said.
Norbu was taking part in a "Walk for Tibet" from St.
The group's self-titled debut came out in August 2008 in Britain.
He will tap the country's sovereign funds to build out road and rail networks.
Florida Sen.
That annoying pillow tag?
Your hotel pillow is probably younger than the one you have at home
Diet and nutrition awareness also seems to play a role in keeping Andorrans alive and healthy.
All 123 companies operating in the zone experienced heavy losses after Kaesong's closure, and in Choi's case, the figure amounted to US$3 million.
The boy's mother, Tameka Raymond, was married to Usher for two years.
In all, 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal, Xinhua reported.
"They're like a household name.
(CNN) -- Wisconsin released the names of more than 1 million people who signed a recall petition against Gov.
Texas Gov.
(CNN) -- Michael Phelps rounded off his record breaking career with his 18th Olympic gold medal as part of the winning U.S.
Jordan led the Chicago Bulls to six championships -- two three-peats -- in the 1990s, before finishing his career with the Washington Wizards in 2003.
A statement from Holloman Air Force Base, near Alamogordo, New Mexico, confirmed that the airman was based there, and identified him as Staff Sgt.
The couple raised more than $7,500 for the American Diabetes Association's "Step Out: Walk to Stop Diabetes" in Oklahoma City on September 14.
Jarred Harrell, 24, faces 29 counts of possession of child pornography in Clay County, Florida.
Nixon also criticized the Police Department's release of a convenience store surveillance video that shows a man fitting Brown's description allegedly stealing a box of cigars just before Brown was killed.
In her latest book, "uncharted terriTORI," Spelling tackles eating disorder rumors (she says she had H1N1), the truth about her marriage, her friendships (or lack thereof) with her former "Beverly Hills, 90210" co-stars, motherhood and the thawing of her icy relationship with her own mother.
Here's how unusual this is: "The Voice" is the only new show this season on a major broadcast network whose ratings rose for its second episode.
The big question now is whether "The Voice" will continue its winning streak when the coaches ditch the swivel chairs and start the "battle rounds" next week.
The looks of the faces around the room are priceless: delight, tears, confusion.
French President Francois Hollande visited the scene of the derailment Friday, when he praised the work of emergency responders.
It's hard to believe but true -- Corey Haim and Corey Feldman first met because of "The Goonies."
(CNN) -- Abu Dhabi stepped in to help troubled fellow emirate Dubai and its state-owned holding company, Dubai World, with $10 billion in financing on Monday.
The FSA said the trading seems to have been a result of "extremely heavy drinking" resulting from Perkins' alcoholism, which he now acknowledges.
The 50-minute tape -- titled "An Invitation to Reflection and Repentance" -- was released by As Sahab, al Qaeda's video production wing and was provided to CNN by www.LauraMansfield.com, a Web site that analyzes terrorism.
Leonard A.
Violence has continued to rage between Russia and the western ally since Thursday, when Georgia launched an operation to crack down on separatists in South Ossetia territory.
"A few hundred" Federal Flight Deck Officers -- or FFDOs -- were to lose their certification to carry firearms effective midnight on New Year's Eve, said Mike Karn, executive vice president of the Federal Flight Deck Officer Association.
Season 4 moves the action overseas as Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) returns to the Middle East as chief of station.
The average American today spends more than eight hours a day peering into a screen -- TV, computer, or cell phone -- and the average teen sends or receives well over 2,000 text messages a month.
A nursing assistant in Spain who contracted the disease has been declared free of the virus.
Mogadishu has been the site of violence in recent months between Ethiopian troops and Islamist fighters.
Gen.
(CNN) -- Leading golfers Rory McIlroy, Bubba Watson, Luke Donald, Dustin Johnson, Brandt Snedeker and Keegan Bradley are all "Dufnering".
So it was entirely appropriate that D.A.
Godolphin has won more than 200 Group One races in different countries since Sheikh Mohammed established training operations in Dubai and England in 1992.
Clashes between the two nations soared in the past week after South Sudan declared the disputed Heglig region is under its control.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, largely due to rising rates among women, according to the study by the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the University of Washington, published Thursday in the American Journal of Public Health.
It has been hit by artillery fire since the family fled.
On January 14, 2013, George H.W.
"I come from a coal-mining town in central Illinois where everybody was union," says Morello.
(CNN) -- Everton hit back from going a goal behind to earn a 1-1 home draw with Birmingham City, a result that lifts the visitors out of the bottom three of the Premier League table.
By comparison, "Breaking Dawn" earned $72 million on Friday (the third-best opening day ever), and then fell 44 percent on Saturday and a projected 34 percent today.
3-D animated sequel "Happy Feet Two," which fell far short of expectations by dancing to only $22 million.
The 3-D action flick "Immortals" dropped a harsh 62 percent for $12.3 million -- a second-weekend decline that was larger than both "300" (54 percent) and "Clash of the Titans" (57 percent).
The World Health Organization (WHO) said two weeks ago it was "deeply frustrated" by the measles outbreak, which came after it sponsored a vaccination program in the African nation.
Under the terms of the wealth-sharing deal, Muslims will get a 75% share of income derived from the exploitation of metallic minerals in the area -- reported to include gold and copper.
With Displair, users need not wear special glasses as with many other new screen systems because the image is being displayed onto an invisible screen; and that screen responds "intuitively" to hand movements -- 1500 of them -- many of which are similar to those used on our mobile devices, such as pinch-and-zoom.
More than 35 million people worldwide live with dementia today, according to a new report.
City officials say they expect tax revenues to drop by about $24 million over the next 16 months.
Do you know a hero?
Sen.
Asia is the fastest-growing market for American fast food though, and all the chains trying to find a place there are scrambling to come up with new dishes to please local tastes.
Colorado Gov.
And yet now, in some circles at least, the pendulum appears to be swinging back: Google is broken, say some technologists, and people-power is the best fix.
Officer Manuel Ramos is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter, and Cpl.
La Brana 1's closest modern descendants, in genetic terms, live in northern Europe in places like Sweden and Finland.
At least 2,149 attorneys have been laid off in 2009, bringing the total to 3,045 since January of last year, according to Lawshucks.com, an industry Web site tracking the slump.
The 22-year-old has scored 10 goals in his past four games, including two hat-tricks in consecutive Spanish league matches.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- A coalition operation against militants in southeastern Afghanistan has left at least 50 insurgents dead as Afghan and NATO forces swept through a "known Haqqani network" area.
The encampment was considered a staging ground for Haqqani and foreign fighters, NATO's International Security Assistance Force reported Friday.
The Haqqani network is an insurgent group loosely affiliated with the Taliban, and is believed to be based in Pakistan's lawless frontier territories.
But in rural Wales, a region not noted for its connectivity, researchers have begun a study into the Internet of Sheep, attaching wireless devices to livestock to gather information.
Rep.
Kasem's daughter Julie Kasem and her husband filed a conservatorship petition in a Los Angeles court last month, claiming the retired radio host "has been isolated from his daughters, friends and other family" by his wife.
A U.S.
Police said Muslims were enraged over an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran at a Christian wedding last Saturday, and held a rally to protest such an act.
Army Gen.
Nothing screams amateurish (not to mention nauseating) like a camera whipping around from subject to subject at breakneck speed.
The worst tornado outbreak in U.S. history occurred in April 1974, when 148 twisters touched down in 13 states over a 16-hour period, according to the National Weather Service.
The stimulus plan is meant to keep Japan's economy from cracking open, coalition party officials told CNN.
Last week, the U.S.
A wheel of Le Brouere cheese was the secret cargo aboard the SpaceX Dragon, the first commercial spacecraft to be recovered from Earth orbit, the company revealed Thursday.
Bayer Leverkusen's 2-2 draw at Hoffenheim sees them lose ground on Mainz -- who beat Nuremberg 3-0 on Friday night.
Give the gift of (your) time and support at the doctor's office.
Rather than an expensive, artery-clogging brunch, you can spring for a visit with the nutritionist and follow it with a healthy meal.
The beats, by young comers like Hit-Boy and Kenoe, are taut and lively, a good match for Minaj's manic spirit and comic zingers -- and comic anti- zingers.
Ross had not heard from Stack since October, when his client "disengaged" services in a letter, spokesman Chad Wilbanks told CNN.
The proposed San Jose Accord aims to resolve nearly two months of political turmoil that Honduras has faced following the June 28 coup that ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya.
Former world No.
In 2007, a tiny service nobody had heard of called Twitter used the fest as a launching ground, installing big screens around the Austin Convention Center with a stream of short messages on display called "tweets."
"The vote will not be held," Justice Minister Alberto Ruiz-Gallardon told reporters Thursday in the hallways of Spain's parliament.
There have been mass demonstrations in favor of self-determination on the past two Catalan national days on September 11.
At least 150 firefighters are involved in the blaze at Mission Bay neighborhood.
The saxophonist's influence can be heard throughout Springsteen's musical evolution, including such early hits as "Born to Run" and "Thunder Road."
A Cessna Caravan 208 carrying 14 people was en route from Aurora to El Estor when the pilot started making distress calls about engine failure about 45 minutes after takeoff, said Jose Carlos, Guatemala's director of civil aeronautics.
The Falkland Islands government announced Tuesday that the British territory will hold a referendum on its political status.
In the late 1970s, Warhol experimented with abstractions, a departure from the pop culture inspired works for which he is known.
The canvases, each measuring four by six feet are hung edge-to-edge as the artist intended covering a continuous 451 linear feet on the gallery wall making it longer than a football field.
Leave boy shorts at the store - -they make the derrière and thighs look bigger.
"What I hope that can come out of this summit is that the U.S., but not only the U.S. government, the U.S.
As first reported on EW.com, the new season adds Todd Lasance as an ambitious young Julius Caesar and Simon Merrells as Crassus.
Singh is accused of belonging to two terrorist organizations -- Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) and Khalistan Zindabad Force (KZF) -- whose members seek to create an independent Sikh state in the Punjab region of India, read the indictment.
He says the euro area will gradually move toward more fiscal cohesion while the difference with the 10 European Union nations outside the single currency area should remain "as small as possible."
Tyler Clementi, an 18-year-old freshman, plunged to his death into the Hudson River after learning Ravi had secretly spied via a webcam as Clementi had an intimate encounter with another man.
"We're not traditional, we love football and love the Ducks," Lisa told CNN.
Russia Victory Day - Discover how an anniversary is connected to a show of Russia's military might.
Charging for Content? - Debate whether there's a future in charging readers to view news content online.
Final Visit - Depart the Earth's surface for a maintenance mission needed in outer space.
Sen.
Sen.
London (CNN) -- At least seven people are confirmed dead and 51 injured in a "horrific" traffic accident in southwest England, Somerset police said Saturday.
In 2009, Twitter boasted some 20 million users.
Lawmakers stood and cheered Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers, who officials say took down the suspect in the halls of Parliament minutes after the killing of Canadian army reservist Cpl.
(CNN) -- BP has said it hopes to have a relief well in place in August to permanently cut off the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico.
It's another day on location for "Juan of the Dead," Cuba's first zombie movie, a mix of camp gore and wry satire.
The company announced that Monday would be its last day of operation.
Black took her fight to overcome her illness to a crowd-funding website earlier this year, raising thousands of dollars to pay for treatments she hoped to get in Europe.
Did anyone know?
J.S.
The conservative group Club for Growth announced that it will not hold lawmakers accountable for their vote.
Vick will be joined by Wayne Pacelle, president and CEO of the Humane Society during the talks.
The suggestion was relayed to the U.S.
"One of the most difficult things is not to change society -- but to change yourself," Mandela said in 1999 at a tribute to billionaire businessman Douw Steyn who had made his Johannesburg residence available to Mandela as a retreat after his prison release in 1990.
He was busted after a year-long investigation by the U.S.
According to CNN affiliate KPIX, Chamberlain had posted an apparent suicide note to friends on Facebook titled "Goodbye."
(CNN)This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
(CNN) -- The five snowboarders who died in a Colorado avalanche this weekend were all in their 30s and from Colorado, the sheriff's office said Sunday.
"If there's money already in the pipeline, we want to get it out faster," he said.
Myanmar, which is also known as Burma, has been badly hit by natural disasters in the past few years.
Various constituencies -- the White House, Congress and a myriad of interest groups on all sides -- anxiously wait for the nation's high court to hand down its decision on one of the most divisive political issues it has taken up in many years.
Some interest groups have differing statements ready for seven or eight scenarios.
The White House has steadfastly refused to speculate about what will happen if the law is struck down.
Japan is now advising against prescribing Tamiflu to youngsters aged 10 to 19 after its own studies revealed people reporting psychiatric symptoms, according to media reports.
The king ordered Khalid bin Mohsen Shaari, who weighs 1,345 pounds (610kg) and is unable to move by himself, be transferred from the Southern border province of Jazan to the country's capital Riyadh to undergo treatment.
He will be treated at the King Fahd Medical City, and undergo a series of dietary and physical programs in order to help him lose weight, the spokesman said.
Now, perhaps Borussia Dortmund can claim similar after crushing Real Madrid 4-1 in the first leg of its Champions League semifinal Wednesday.
Anti-abortion protesters plan demonstrations this weekend outside Dr.
Once one of Africa's most beautiful destinations, Zimbabwe has been off the mainstream tourism radar for years.
Luxury projects in the capital include a proposed $70 million Mall of Zimbabwe.
Foxconn is part of Taiwan-based Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., one of the world's largest suppliers of components for the electronics industry.
With 1.2 million employees in China alone, production takes place at more than 12 factories across the country, including the giant Longhua plant in the southern city of Shenzhen -- the company's biggest manufacturing facility, and employer of almost half of its Chinese workforce.
Though Foxconn has a reputation in the technology field for its efficiency and low overhead, critics say workers are treated like machines for low pay in an oppressive military-style environment -- employees typically eat, sleep and work at the giant complexes.
After eight often turbulent years, the Roberts court shows little sign of moving dramatically away from where it essentially is now: four more conservative justices, four who are more liberal, and a moderate-conservative in Justice Anthony Kennedy, who often tilts the balance.
Americans' opinion about the Supreme Court is split down the middle, with 48% saying in a June CNN/Opinion Research survey they approve of how the court is handling its job and 48% saying they disapprove.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- An al Qaeda suspect alleged to have been involved in the 1998 bombing of the U.S.
In 2010, only 15 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list were headed by women.
The Dutch foreign ministry said Friday it is sending more experts to Tripoli to help Libyan authorities and Dutch colleagues identify the victims.
50.5 million -- Latinos in the United States (out of 308.7 million people)
67 -- Percentage of Latino voters who voted for Barack Obama in the 2008 election.
38.6 -- Percent of eligible voters in New Mexico who are Latino, the most of any state.
BAA must sell the airports in sequence, beginning with Gatwick -- which went up for sale in September -- then Stansted and then either Edinburgh or Glasgow, the commission said.
Gastroenteritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach and intestines.
Confirming rumors that had been around at least since last month, the NFL said Sunday that Katy Perry will headline the next Super Bowl halftime show.
"Osama bin Laden is a true Islamic warrior figure who defended Islam," FPI said.
Surgeons are particularly busy these days, but Dr.
Parental behaviors and cultural practices may also play a role.
The U.S.
Sgt.
Las Vegas (CNN) -- The National Security Agency's controversial intelligence-gathering programs have prevented 54 terrorist attacks around the world, including 13 in the United States, according to Gen.
Iran launched a 10-day drill in the strait in late December.
Davies adapted "The Deep Blue Sea" from the 1952 play of the same name by Terence Rattigan as part of the centenary celebration of the late British playwright.
It helps that Weisz, in one of her finest performances, opens herself beautifully to vulnerability and folly.
She was last seen wearing a pink dress, pink tights, pink shoes and a purple coat, according to an Amber Alert issued last week by the Michigan State Police.
It's difficult to say what is more astonishing: the double standards exhibited by the White House, or the apparent total lack of self-awareness of U.S. officials.
Zahir Shah ruled Afghanistan from 1933 until he was deposed by his cousin in 1973.
The operation specialized in the theft of Toyota and Lexus SUVs and other automobiles -- Toyota Venzas, Highlanders, Sequoias and Lexus RX 350s, GX 460s and GX 470s -- as well as other high-end makes, including Acuras, his office said.
The company, majority-owned by its founder, has grown rapidly in its short life.
It tracks "uncontacted tribes" -- indigenous groups that are thought to have had no contact with outsiders -- and seeks to protect them from encroachment.
The gang rape, and the woman's subsequent death from injuries, prompted angry protests over the country's treatment of women and handling of sexual attacks.
Of course, we're also waiting because, with two other "Paranormal Activity" films behind it, "Paranormal Activity 3" implicitly understands that we've been through enough tricks in these movies -- the doors that open and slam shut, the thuds and booms and scratchy skitters on the soundtrack, the kitchen utensils that fall with a crash, the spectral shapes that you can almost make out -- to now want to see something more.
They are Katie (Chloe Csengery), who will grow up to be the Katie Featherstone character in the first film, and angel-faced Kristi (Jessica Tyler Brown), from "Paranormal Activity 2," here an enigmatic child who can communicate with the spirit world.
The recent outbreak has led to one of the largest food recalls in U.S. history, encompassing more than 1,000 products.
(CNN) -- Croatia held off a furious late onslaught from Euro 2008 co-hosts Austria to win 1-0 in their opening Group B match in Vienna on Sunday.
Green says $577 is now being deducted from her military benefit check each month.
"I couldn't be happier that Demi wants to come back this year," said Cowell in a statement.
Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) was the only person to serve as a candidate for the post after he received backing from more than 20 of the 25 parties in parliament.
Nepal, 56, is a former general secretary of the Communist Party, but had resigned after the party made a poor showing last year against another Communist movement.
Pushpa Kamal Dahal, the Maoist chairman, resigned as prime minister May 4 after the president overturned the Cabinet's decision to sack the army chief.
In 2002, a bombing at two night clubs on the island of Bali killed 202 people, mostly foreign tourists.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Oscar-winning producer Richard D.
The 19th century composer was known for his anti Semitic views and performances of his music in Israel are considered insensitive to survivors of the Holocaust and many other Israelis.
The 19th century composer was known for his anti Semitic views and performances of his music in Israel are considered insensitive to survivors of the Holocaust and many other Israelis.
Douglas Kennedy is accused of twisting one nurse's arm and kicking another in January as he tried to leave the maternity ward of a suburban New York hospital with his newborn son.
Haydock, who was with Kennedy at the time of the incident, previously asserted that the "nurses were the only aggressors" and is considered a key witness for the defense.
Judge John Donahue -- not a jury -- is hearing the case involving misdemeanor charges of harassment and child endangerment.
The dawn of a new year is also a good time for a digital makeover: a savvier, more disciplined approach to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and other social platforms.
Rubio says the current Senate gridlock is limiting his ability to advocate for the kind of policies he sees as critical for moving America forward and that the White House might be a better place for that.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says neo-fascist far-right groups are firmly behind the putsch -- coup d'etat -- in Kiev and questions the democratic credentials of "men with black masks and Kalashnikovs" who became the poster children of the Maidan for Russians.
"I will go to Israel.
KFC's "Buckets for the Cure" initiative boasts a bright pink website, packed with breast cancer facts, survivor stories and a pledge to donate 50 cents from each specially branded pink bucket of their grilled or Original Recipe chicken to Susan G.
BEIJING (CNN) -- Thousands of passengers were stranded Tuesday morning after dozens of early morning flights were either canceled or delayed due to a thick, dark cloud of smog that rolled through the Chinese capital.
The haze prompted 34 flight cancellations and delayed 98 others after visibility dropped to less than 200 meters in the airspace surrounding Beijing, state media reported.
The haze prompted 34 flight cancellations and delayed 98 others after visibility dropped to less than 200 meters in the airspace surrounding Beijing, state media reported.
Analysts have blamed the thick haze on rapid urbanization and industrialization.
He actually visits NASA for rocket launches and works with nonprofits such as FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) to encourage kids to build robots.
South Sudan is to become the world's newest country Saturday after South Sudan natives voted overwhelmingly in January for independence.
Rep.
Previously, North Korea has detained Westerners on religious grounds.
World No.
Video shot by CNN affiliate KABC-TV gave the first glimpse of the damage to the California Institution for Men in Chino from a riot that authorities said was ignited by racial tensions.
To back that up, his teammate and fellow German Nico Rosberg will start on front row with Red Bull's Webber after producing the third best lap of the day.
Is it a human being, or Capt.
Martel's ethnic ambiguity earned her the nickname "The Chameleon" among Hollywood casting directors in the 1960s, son Jod Kaftan told CNN.
"Sport has the power to change the world," Nelson Mandela once said -- and the South African prisoner-turned-president also provided perhaps the most eloquent supporting evidence for his claim.
"That's right, I said z-o-m-b-i-e a-p-o-c-a-l-y-p-s-e," Dr.
(CNN) -- Newer threats, such as pirate skiffs chasing freighters and desperate regimes mining harbors, have intensified the U.S.
Chinoy was on the balcony at "Tokyo base" -- the network's nickname for its makeshift bureau at the Beijing Hotel down the avenue from Tiananmen Square -- watching soldiers march into the square with guns firing.
And then at 2:30 a.m., Ralph Begleiter, CNN's State Department correspondent at the time, started his talk show, which was featuring U.S.
McDonald's claimed that the prefix "Mc" in McCurry trampled on its trademark.
"We're very relieved -- much, much relieved -- that this eight-year-old saga is finally over," said McCurry owner P.
"It's hard to imagine how anyone could believe that -- in the United States -- we should learn to cope with blackouts," said University of Minnesota Professor Massoud Amin, a leading expert on the U.S.
Since making the switch in 2010, Craigwell has not looked back, becoming an integral part of the U.S. team -- which is seeking to break into the sport's top-10 rankings -- despite his late entry into the game.
T.J.
Thousands returned late Tuesday to Madrid's central Puerta del Sol plaza -- where the main protests began Sunday.
Demonstrators are protesting Spain's 21% unemployment rate and a record 4.9 million jobless.
U.S.
The Rev.
For those seeking even more of an adventure, Choquequirao is the ideal trek.
Macedonia was the only country to emerge peacefully from the former Yugoslavia but 20 years later it still has an international identity crisis over its name.
About a quarter of its two million population lives in the capital Skopje, a city on the Vardar River brimming with evidence of a 2,500 year history that has seen it come under Roman, Byzantine, Ottoman and Yugoslav rule.
Vibrio vulnificus is a naturally occurring bacterium that lives in warm saltwater and infects humans through the consumption of undercooked shellfish and skin wounds.
"We love you Roger, we always will.
Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting your nomination for consideration.
The Dalai Lama also said he supports recent protests in Tibet, where students marched in opposition to government plans to teach university classes in Mandarin Chinese, instead of the traditional Tibetan language.
Also in the interview, the Dalai Lama reiterated his support for recent Nobel Peace Prize winner, Liu Xiaobo, imprisoned in China.
Shirley McGill, 55, was found dead in her cabin on the Carnival Elation on Tuesday as the ship, after a five-day cruise to Cabo San Lucas, was heading back to its origination point of San Diego, California, authorities said.
Henry, the head of New England Sports Ventures (NESV), confirmed in London Friday that the company's $480 million deal to buy Liverpool Football Club had finally been completed.
Shouldn't doctors and nurses learn to work with those who sin and stray from the dictates of good health?
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Nearly a year after surviving a plane crash in South Carolina, disc jockey Adam "DJ AM" Goldstein was found dead in his New York apartment Friday afternoon, his publicist said.
On Monday, Standard Chartered, the UK's second largest bank by market value, agreed to pay $327 million to settle U.S.
(EW.com) -- Thanks to his role as a throne-swiveling talent scout on NBC's hit singing competition The Voice, Maroon 5 frontman Adam Levine is now a stand-alone star — one who seems awfully pleased to see his every move, from the silly beefs with fellow Voice coach Christina Aguilera to the flings with Victoria's Secret models, get street-fliered across the media landscape.
Not that he comes off as particularly organic either, since his voice is usually processed into a kind of high, disaffected whine — like a male Rihanna or an android castrato — that's ideal for tracing the contours of a pop hook.
Even if the Democratic Senate and Obama agree to WIC cuts, WIC has been running a surplus in 2011, and that money could be used to fill any funding reduction.
A spending plan must be approved by March 4 to avoid a government shutdown.
(CNN) -- The New York Giants beat the New England Patriots 21-17 to win Super Bowl XLVI in Indianapolis Sunday after a dramatic finish.
(CNN) -- The New York Giants beat the New England Patriots 21-17 to win Super Bowl XLVI in Indianapolis Sunday after a dramatic finish.
(CNN) -- "Dragon Age II" isn't exactly a sequel, but it does continue to thrill with new distinctive artwork, a more descriptive speech mechanic and a combat system that feels intuitive and destructive at the same time.
(CNN) -- Pakistan has been an unreliable ally of the United States in the war against al Qaeda and other extremist organizations, U.S.
(Mashable) -- Facebook has begun rolling out a full redesign of Facebook Pages.
The update not only removed tabs, but it gave page admins the ability to post and comment on other Facebook Pages through a "Login as Page" feature.
This is the third marriage for both newlyweds.
Gujranwala has been largely free of the militant violence plaguing parts of Pakistan.
Three police officers were injured and parts of the buildings were damaged.
To put those figures in perspective, the industry's Cruise Lines International Association says more than 10 million passengers embarked on CLIA-member cruise ships from a U.S.
The U.S. president landed at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland shortly before 9 a.m.
An FBI official said Toth allegedly installed a camera in a bathroom adjacent to his classroom which was used by students.
Officials say 23 other passengers and crew were rescued, pulled from the water by local fishermen and search and rescue teams.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The U.S.
Bring in fan favorite writer and DC Chief Creative Officer Geoff Johns and fan favorite artist John Romita Jr.
JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia (CNN) -- Saudi King Abdullah confirmed Sunday that his country will increase daily oil production from 9 million barrels to 9.7 million in the near future to counter the sharp rise in international oil prices.
Carter vanished last week when she went to show a home in the small community of Scott.
The kits include a podcast and video, a slide cast and a printable guide with information on street names for drugs, what kinds of medical problems they can cause, and tips on how to tell whether their children might be using synthetic marijuana or stimulants.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Dozens of Japanese factories and stores reopened Thursday in China after violent protests forced their closure amid fury over Japan's plans to buy disputed islands in the East China Sea.
Chinese plants for electronics makers Canon and Sony, along with Japanese automakers Nissan, Mitsubishi, Mazda and Suzuki, have reopened in China, company officials told CNN.
No suspects are in custody, but investigators are questioning several people in the case, New Haven Police spokesman Joe Avery said.
AAA Travel recommends that U.S. citizens who are traveling internationally register with the U.S.
Free WiFi is rare
Banking analysts say three out of every five Kenyans is part of a chama and banks have been moving to profit from this niche market.
Invaded by the Ottoman Turks in 1459, one of the catalysts for World War I in 1914 and, most recently, the diminishing hub of a rump Yugoslavia as the former communist nation tore itself apart in a bitter civil war, Serbia only emerged as an independent republic in 2006 after a referendum in Montenegro that ended the last vestige of the Yugoslav federation.
Since the dark days of the Yugoslav conflict, Serbia has sought to find equilibrium for an economy that was subject to years of mismanagement under the post-Yugoslavia Milosevic regime, suffered infrastructure damage during NATO bombings in 1999 and endured extended economic sanctions during the Yugoslav conflict.
After years of isolation during the Yugoslav conflict, Serbia has begun reintegrating into the international community.
U2 were originally scheduled to perform at last year's Glastonbury festival but had to drop out when Bono injured his back.
(CNN) -- Whether viewed as a show of force to Russia or a sign of reassurance to nervous allies, the recent deployment of U.S.
Think we've missed one?
On the broader geopolitical front, Rudd wants China and the United States to carve out a new Asia-Pacific "strategic road-map" that will enhance trade, investment and security in the region.
(CNN) -- A U.N. peacekeeper was killed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in recent fighting, according to a statement release Sunday from the spokesperson for the Secretary-General.
(CNN) -- A U.N. peacekeeper was killed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in recent fighting, according to a statement release Sunday from the spokesperson for the Secretary-General.
Japan imports 10% of its crude oil from Iran at the moment, Azumi said at a news briefing after meeting with U.S.
Japan imports 10% of its crude oil from Iran at the moment, Azumi said at a news briefing after meeting with U.S.
Kourtney, Kim, and KhloÃ©'s first novel, "Dollhouse," hits shelves today.
While the American Academy of Pediatrics has no formal position on BPA, some of its member doctors, including Brown, are taking the message into their own hands.
The U.S.
Criticism has been leveled at China for its ham-fisted handling of its relief contribution, initially pledging $100,000 in humanitarian support.
"This is Obama's Challenger-Oklahoma City moment," presidential historian Douglas Brinkley said.
There are more than 30,000 Chinese students in the French higher education system, more than any other overseas nationality, according to the French foreign ministry.
Scorching high temperatures are in the forecast over the weekend in the North.
Extreme heat indices -- how the air feels, with heat and humidity -- are expected to reach up to 116 degrees in Minneapolis next week.
Now Campbell is charged with six counts of third-degree murder and six counts of involuntary manslaughter, the Philadelphia District Attorney announced on Monday.
(CNN) -- The Rev.
Microsoft, Google, Yahoo, Facebook and Linked-In sued the government last summer in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court seeking to disclose the data as a way to show customers how many snooping requests they receive and are required by court order to comply with.
(CNN) -- J.J.
Released in 2001, "Is This It" topped the 100 Greatest Albums Of The Decade list compiled by a panel of musicians, producers, writers and record label bosses, according to NME.com.
Nicknamed Pacman, Pacquiao -- the only boxer in history to have won a world title at seven different weight divisions -- claimed his eighth belt in a new class after a unanimous decision over Margarito.
Mandela, who is 91, played a key role in bringing the World Cup to South Africa but has made limited public appearances recently, although he did meet the South Africa squad last week.
Sassoon, a British native, is credited with revolutionizing women's hair in the 1960s after a childhood that included several years in a London orphanage.
(CNN) -- It has been nearly 20 years since Poland's Solidarity movement defeated the Communist Party in an historic election that prompted the fall of communism across central and eastern Europe.
Players get to choose from two factions, Guardians and Defiants.
Next month, U.S.
(CNN) -- Top seed Rafael Nadal and second seed Roger Federer are both through to the quarterfinals of the Qatar Open in Doha after comfortable straight sets victories on Wednesday.
Landau is the author of "The President's Table: Two Hundred Years of Dining and Diplomacy."
FitWit's program is a six-week after-school boot camp competition which rewards participants with prizes for meeting fitness goals.
(CNN) -- "Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens" director J.J.
Roddick remains the only U.S.
In second place, "Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol," another Paramount film, continued its comeback performance with $20.5 million in its fourth weekend.
"Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows" held onto third place with a $14.1 million weekend.
The cause of the crash is under investigation, the Navy said.
The family of Mary Richardson Kennedy, the estranged wife of Robert F.
"I don't think TVA can move fast enough to possibly satisfy these people," said Brockovich, noting that she hasn't spoken with anyone from the TVA.
The typhoon made landfall early on Monday morning in northern Vietnam, packing winds of 120 kph (75 mph), before weakening to a tropical storm and heading to southern China.
(CNN) -- It may as well be the 11th Commandment: Leave nature as you found it, the National Park Service says.
However, Republican Sen.
The footage purportedly shows a four-year-old girl with autism being manhandled and beaten by a female assistant at a children's rehabilitation center in the southern city of Guangzhou.
The girl apparently collapsed and lost consciousness as other adults looked on passively.
His remarks come a day after ETA announced a "definitive cessation of its armed activity" in a statement published on the website of Gara, a newspaper the group has used to convey messages in the past.
Many critics said the cartoon played on historically racist images by appearing to compare Obama, the nation's first black president, to the chimpanzee.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of H.A.
New data from Nielsen shows that slightly more U.S. consumers are buying Android phones than any other type of smartphone.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Most U.S.
The Pacific Adventurer sustained damage early Wednesday when Cyclone Hamish struck the waters of eastern Australia with more than 125 kph (77 mph) winds.
The Meth Project has made a name for itself with graphic, disturbing print and broadcast ads meant to wake up kids to the dangers of methamphetamine addiction.
Charles Vacca was shot in the head last month as he showed the New Jersey girl how to fire the Israeli-made 9mm submachine gun.
Somalia has been plagued by a long-running struggle between government forces and Al-Shabaab, a militant Islamist group with connections to al Qaeda.
The Free Gaza Movement says it wants to raise awareness of what it describes as the "illegal siege on Gaza" by Israel.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Evidence found on the bodies of two men killed by a now-jailed U.S.
Season 13 of "American Idol" returns Wednesday night on Fox.
Author J.K.
The story will follow Potter in his early years as an orphan.
Nearly three years in the making, "Abraham Lincoln: An Extraordinary Life" is part of the Smithsonian Institution's bicentennial celebration of Abraham Lincoln's birth and a rare glimpse into the life of one of our nation's greatest presidents.
Slingshot succeeds Poke, a messaging app that Facebook launched in 2012 and shut down last month after it failed to gain traction with users.
Athens, Greece (CNN) -- Thousands of Greek public sector workers began a 48-hour strike Tuesday against planned cuts in government spending.
He was charged with conspiracy, murder and attempted murder in violation of the law of war, providing material support for terrorism and spying.
It's been seven years since NASA's last Hubble servicing mission in 2002, and the space telescope was designed to go only about three years between fixes. iReport.com: Share photos, video of the launch
"She knows everything she knew before anything happened.
Lily's mother, Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck, died in the crash that had landed their car on its roof in the Spanish Fork River.
Intel has invested in the booming mobile sector with technology like its 1.66Ghz Intel Atom processor and Intel XMM 6260 Wireless platform with fast HSPA+.
No tsunami warning was immediately issued for any of the quakes.
Mark Rudy, a defense attorney for Roeder, told jurors that Roeder believed he had to act.
Murphy was pronounced dead at 10:04 a.m.
(CNN) -- With Thursday marking exactly a year to go until the Winter Olympics at Sochi, U.S. ski star Lindsey Vonn faces a race against time to make the Games.
(CNN) -- With Thursday marking exactly a year to go until the Winter Olympics at Sochi, U.S. ski star Lindsey Vonn faces a race against time to make the Games.
It's an immense body of water," U.S.
"The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" is set to hit theaters on November 22, 2013.
The 58-year-old will work with world No.
Alongside his journalism, Sussman also worked extensively as a field archaeologist, particularly in Egypt where he took part in the first expedition to dig new ground in the Valley of the Kings since the discovery of Tutankhamun in 1922.
John Wimunc and fellow Marine Lance Cpl.
Authorities have been searching for the missing soldier, Army 2nd Lt.
Over the last month, the West African regional block has had 3,300 regional troops on standby waiting for a go-ahead from Bamako.
Bamako, Mali (CNN) -- After intense diplomacy, the government of Mali and the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) have agreed that troops from the West African regional block can be based in the capital of Bamako, as a step toward ending conflict in the northern part of the country.
"We want to say to President Barack Obama, stop this madness," Maduro said during a campaign planning meeting broadcast Monday on state-run VTV.
This isn't her first foray into pop culture to get us to eat our veggies.
Witherspoon: "Do you know my name?"
After an in-person briefing from the staff at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, President Barack Obama on Tuesday announced a "major increase" in the U.S. response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
Tunisia has been widely seen as the only success story of the Arab Spring with a new progressive constitution, a freely elected secular President and Prime Minister, and a moderate Islamist opposition so far committed to democratic principles.
"He was very charismatic," Leslie Wagner-Wilson, a Jonestown survivor, says of the Rev.
Wearable technologies are in the midst of this blending and soon will diffuse subtly but powerfully into the fabric of everyday lives so as to be unrecognizable as a distinct innovation domain.
Air France 447 plunged into the Atlantic Ocean on June 1, 2009, killing all 228 people aboard.
One of Sin Hwa Dee's factories is dedicated exclusively to the production of Yu Sheng products, while another factory produces noodles for the restaurant and catering industries.
In 2005, Sin Hwa Dee moved into their own building, CHNG Kee's Foodlink, located in Senoko South Road, north of Singapore, with a production team of over 75 employees producing more than 20 tons of sauces per day.
A total of 88 international service members, including Americans, have died this month.
(Financial Times) -- Chinese listed companies have reported a sharp rise in unpaid bills during the third quarter, in one of the clearest signs yet of the toll that China's economic slowdown is taking on corporate balance sheets.
An estimate 50% of the shark fin trade comes through Hong Kong.
Gyllenhaal brings perhaps a bit too much movie-star-as-working-class-mom radiance to her role, yet she also makes you feel the agony of what Jamie is up against: the terror that her daughter is going to be doomed from grade school on.
The U.S.
Research firm IHS projects that ASEAN's GDP will reach $4.7 trillion in 2020, not far off where Japan is today.
A Spanish nurse's assistant who left the hospital Wednesday after beating Ebola said she was still weak but gave thanks to God and the health workers who cared for her that she was still alive.
Wood has sat on the 7th Circuit U.S.
She was the oldest member of the Swedish royal family at the time of her death and, despite the problems that led her to wait more than 30 years to get married, was a fully integrated member of the Swedish Royal family.
The opening up of Myanmar, also known as Burma, became held up as a positive example of U.S.
The opening up of Myanmar, also known as Burma, became held up as a positive example of U.S.
The company, founded in 1992, was taken private in a $340 million deal in December 2012 by German equity company Joh.A.Benckiser Group, which also owns Peet's.
Three of the people trapped in the ruins of the Caribbean Supermarket -- a man, a 13-year-old girl and a 50-year-old American woman -- were rescued earlier in the day by a joint New York fire and police department search and rescue team.
China has emerged as one of the fastest-growing sources of international buyers for US real estate -- in what some see as a sign that China's rich are increasingly seeking to take their money out of the country.
According to a report published by the National Association of Realtors this week, buyers from China and Hong Kong made up the second-largest group of foreign buyers of homes in the US in the 12 months to March -- Canadians took first place -- accounting for $9bn of sales.
GMO foods were approved for human consumption in 1995, but the Food and Drug Administration never required any labels pointing them out as such.
(CNN) -- Genoa prevented city rivals Sampdoria from moving into Serie A's top three after triumphing 3-0 in a fiery derby on Saturday that saw three players sent off.
Meanwhile, third-placed AC Milan will be without right-back Massimo Oddo for the rest of this year due to a thigh injury suffered in the Champions League clash with Marseille.
Fort Hood is the largest U.S. military installation in the world by size, and on any given day, it is home to 25,000 to 30,000 people, according to an Army spokesman at the Pentagon.
His accomplishments in office include unprecedented economic growth in Turkey.
It is the first time since the Iranian Revolution in 1979 that the Parliament has succeeded in summoning a president to testify before it.
No he doesn't, say Republicans who note Obama doesn't plan to visit the border area when he travels to Texas -- the epicenter of the immigrant influx -- on Wednesday for a trip that includes a meeting with Gov.
Launching the kind of large-scale campaign necessary to topple Assad would be lengthy and whoever replaces Assad could be even worse for U.S. interests than Assad himself, given the fact that the most successful opposition groups on the ground are aligned with al Qaeda.
Russia also doesn't trust U.S.
Paris, 15, is in a Los Angeles hospital at least until Saturday for evaluation after an incident early Wednesday in which she cut her wrist and called a suicide counseling hot line.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The federal judge whose husband and mother were slain in their family home in Chicago, Illinois, four years ago was honored Monday by U.S. marshals charged with combating a growing number of threats to the judiciary.
"They have 48 hours to leave the country," President Nicolas Maduro said in remarks broadcast on state-run VTV.
Public polling, internal polling and campaign strategists all tell the same story: Republican Gov.
The decisions are part of an effort to support Haiti's longer-term reconstruction plans after the January 12 earthquake, which killed more than 220,000 people, destroyed 60 percent of government infrastructure and left more than 180,000 homes uninhabitable.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
(CNN) -- For sheer inspirational value, it will be hard to top one of this fall's new TV series, "The Michael J.
Divers were inspecting the helicopter, which was in water 35 meters (about 115 feet) deep, Morin said.
New York (CNN) -- A 29-year-old Zumba instructor was sentenced to 10 months in jail Friday for engaging in prostitution out of her fitness studio in the picturesque town of Kennebunk, Maine.
The pair got married in his native Scotland in 2001.
Frein, 31, is suspected in the September 12 ambush shooting that left Cpl.
(EW.com) -- Michael J.
"We worked hard.
(CNN) -- A pro-privacy e-mail service long used by NSA leaker Edward Snowden abruptly shut down Thursday, blaming a secret U.S.
Cameroon's players claimed they had not received money promised for playing in a four-nation tournament in Morocco the weekend before.
Our goal "is to get answers, declared committee chairman Rep.
Brittanee is believed to have last been seen Saturday evening, though an unconfirmed sighting may have placed her at a restaurant on Sunday.
(Financial Times) -- Brazil's president Dilma Rousseff has launched a R$133bn ($65.6bn) stimulus package to spur investment in the country's creaking infrastructure and shore up ailing investor confidence in the world's second-largest emerging market economy.
(Financial Times) -- Brazil's president Dilma Rousseff has launched a R$133bn ($65.6bn) stimulus package to spur investment in the country's creaking infrastructure and shore up ailing investor confidence in the world's second-largest emerging market economy.
At least 37 hostages were killed in the four-day ordeal.
Roughly 40 percent of the patients who took the antibiotic reported substantial relief from symptoms such as bloating, abdominal pain, and loose stools for at least two weeks during the subsequent month, compared with a little under one-third of the patients taking placebo.
You can now choose any photo or image from your hard drive or your Picasa Web Albums to enhance your search experience.
The new feature immediately reminds us of Bing, Microsoft's upstart search engine.
Stuart Milk's uncle Harvey Milk, a San Francisco supervisor, was one of the first openly gay politicians in the United States when he and San Francisco Mayor George Moscone were killed by former supervisor Dan White at City Hall in 1978.
The program out-delivered three of the past four Oscars telecasts and ranked as ABC's most-watched program in two years.
And yet, the Oscars were outshone in one respect: CBS' Grammys coverage earlier this month pulled a slightly bigger audience than the usually dominant Academy Awards, and totally stomped the Oscars in the adult demo.
Very strict rules govern the reporting of UK elections, but until they kick in, here are some things you should know -- who are the candidates, what are the issues, who's likely to win, why bacon sandwiches matter, what is "UKIP" and, if the Queen isn't in charge, what does she do?
London's Metropolitan Police said a man in his 60s was arrested on suspicion of sexual offenses Thursday morning in Surrey, outside London, in connection with the inquiry involving late television personality Jimmy Savile.
The first indication the USOC was changing its position came early Friday when Rep.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- British airlines have put into effect measures to stop people with swine flu boarding flights in a bid to prevent the virus from spreading further.
Medical screening for the swine flu virus has been introduced at many airports around the world for passengers arriving on international flights but there are concerns that many people may not be aware they are infected.
The original iPhone launched on AT&T with a handful of Apple-created apps.
Apple's second generation iPhone debuted in the summer of 2008.
The iPhone 3GS was primarily an incremental improvement over the 3G, but it included some notable hardware improvements that would continue through later iterations of the phone.
One video shows cars traveling around a traffic circle on Haifa Street in central Baghdad Sunday morning before a huge blast in front of the Justice Ministry.
Another camera shows the dozens of charred cars covered in debris from the other blast, as two fires burn nearby.
Sunday's attacks were the deadliest on Iraqi civilians since those blasts in August 2007.
-- It's possible that GOP and Democratic leaders could work out a deal on a farm bill to reform agriculture programs and provide some relief to drought-stricken states -- or at least agree to another short-term extension of the current law, according to multiple congressional aides.
U.S.
There are no umpires, and no one really keeps score.
The report points out that Hispanics have been leading the U.S. population in terms of embracing mobile technology.
The death threat urges jihadist followers to cut off Letterman's tongue and "shut it forever."
(CNN) -- You've heard J.J.
Salam is believed to be the Taliban commander for Kunduz province, Omar said.
The 21-year-old is currently on international duty with Brazil at the London Olympics and has joined the English Premier League club on a five-year deal.
Her nonprofit turns Maasai warriors -- who have a tradition of killing lions -- into lion protectors.
Alejandrina Gisselle Guzman Salazar was deported on Tuesday, her lawyer said, a day after she pleaded guilty in federal court to possession of a false visa.
Producers are lobbying for the tea to be given geographical indication status (see fact box) to protect this unique brand -- a lengthy lawsuit with a U.S. company, which tried to use the rooibos name, went the way of the South Africans.
(CNN) -- In recent days, Michoacan, the home state of President Felipe Calderon, has become a flashpoint of violence in Mexico's deadly war against drug cartels.
The former world No.
"Rich Forever" is a mixtape that plays like an album, with blaring, heraldic production by the likes of -Boi-1da and up-and-comer Beat Billionaire, plus guest appearances by Drake, Nas and Diddy.
Themewise, "Rich Forever" is business as usual -- which is to say, all business.
(CNN) -- Seven-times Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong brought a Scottish town center to a standstill on Tuesday when hundreds of people joined him for a group bike ride.
Louisville police Lt.
President Obama and Adm.
The 2012 shooting death of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin by neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman raised awareness and outrage about the law, although Zimmerman's lawyers ultimately waived their client's right to seek pretrial immunity because of the "stand your ground" law.
Dr.
Screenshots of the new design were posted on Talking Points Memo Tuesday morning.
Injections are usually a last resort after patients have tried anti-inflammatory medications and physical therapy.
And the U.S.
In seven Indian states, 100% of the samples failed to meet standards.
The Skype app will use the Vita's front and rear cameras for video calling.
The PS Vita already has voice chat and text chat through its built-in Party application.
"Once again the Fed has put the taxpayers on the hook for billions of dollars to bail out an institution that put greed ahead of responsibility and used their good name to take risky bets that did not pay off," said Sen.
Instead, go for a McDonald's Hamburger at 250 calories, 9 grams of fat (3.5g sat) and 520 milligrams of sodium.
Our top salad pick is Atlanta Bread Company's Salsa Fresca Salmon Salad.
While their menu sports a lot of grilled items, Wendy's Grilled Chicken Go Wrap is one of the few that's not as high in sodium.
Cities across the U.S. are turning to similar innovative parking technologies.
Sen.
Two years ago, Merah "held" a 15-year-old boy in his apartment and forced him to watch videos of al Qaeda beheadings.
He'd been detained in Afghanistan in 2010 and repatriated to France -- only to return to the Afghan-Pakistan border area in August of last year.
Sen.
In 1984, Jackson was burned while singing for a Pepsi-Cola commercial in Los Angeles, when a special-effects smoke bomb misfired.
Tuesday's attempt was thwarted when an electrical charge broke the cable connecting the balloon to the gondola, causing it to slip away from his ground crew and rise into the Saskatchewan skies over North Battleford.
Now, with Mobcast's more than 100,000 titles and counting, Tesco will allow consumers to buy and read books on an array of devices, from smartphones to e-readers.
The Russian draft also calls for renewing the U.N.
The Argentinian prosecutor is best known for pursuing war crimes charges against Libya's late Moammar Gadhafi and the president of Sudan, Omar al-Bashir.
Allegations of corruption also rocked FIFA's governing body last year.
The Times story about Wen's family's wealth comes at a particularly delicate time for the ruling Communist Party, only a matter of weeks before the start of the 18th Party Congress, at which the country's next set of top leaders will be announced.
About 51,000 students attend the flagship university, which is located in central Texas.
"Crazy Salad" and "Scribble, Scribble" have been out-of-print as solo volumes since 1991 and 1984, respectively.
In a statement, Gov.
State law gives Inslee the authority to stop death warrants from being issued.
(CNN) -- In anger over the recent death of an Internet activist who faced federal charges, hackers claiming to be from the group Anonymous threatened early Saturday to release sensitive information about the U.S.
"The Security Council condemns the widespread violations of human rights and the use of force against civilians by the Syrian authorities," the eight-paragraph statement says.
Countries are expected to end negotiations in Copenhagen on an ambitious new climate deal by next Friday, the end of the two-week summit.
The Rev.
"The university hired their own executioner when they hired Louie Freeh," said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan.
In other tennis news, Jennifer Capriati has been elected to the International Tennis Hall of Fame in recognition of a career which saw her win three grand slam titles and reach world number one.
The deaths of our loved ones may have been random, but their lives were not.
Guzman has been included in Forbes' World's Most Powerful People list since 2009.
Philadelphia (CNN) -- A worker at a west Philadelphia abortion clinic has pleaded guilty to two counts of murder and may testify against Dr.
Here are five things the movie gets right, and wrong.
Otegi and the others were arrested in northern Spain for trying to regroup the leadership of the so-called Basque left movement in order to "carry out ETA's orders," the statement said.
On Wednesday, Democratic Sens.
(CNN) -- Five babies in El Paso, Texas, have tested positive for tuberculosis after being exposed to the infectious disease at a local hospital, the city's health department says.
Providence Memorial Hospital has identified more than 850 infants and 43 health care workers who were potentially exposed after a nurse came to work with an active case of TB some time between September 2013 and August 2014.
Mainland Florida's most remote spot can also be found within the 'Glades, 17 miles from the nearest road -- just one mile closer than Montana's farthest reach.
Man-made global warming in the 21st century is pushing temperatures back up in that direction, he said.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Seven emergency medics in England have been suspended from work for playing an Internet game that involves being photographed lying down in unusual places.
The T-34 is a single-engine, single-prop plane used for primary training for student pilots.
With much of the state in an exceptional drought, Texas has been scarred by one of the worst fire seasons in memory.
(CNN) -- Courtesy of the U.S. government shutdown, Chinese President Xi Jinping finds himself in the box seat at his first Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum as leader of the world's second largest economy.
From 2005 to 2010, cell phone use tripled in the developing world to nearly 4 billion mobile subscriptions, according to the International Telecommunications Union (ITU).
Gov.
A recent Quinnipiac University poll found that 52% of New Jersey voters are in favor of legalizing same-sex marriage.
Hama has been wracked with violence and a general strike this week after a series of peaceful demonstrations, including a huge anti-government demonstration on Friday.
Syria has denied that a military campaign was under way against Hama, even as human rights groups reported deaths, arrests and clashes on the outskirts of the city.
The U.S.
T.J.
(CNN) -- The St.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
"Steve Harvey" won for outstanding information talk show and Dr.
Her movie acting career began when she was just 6 in 1999 with a role in "The Cider House Rules."
The Red Cross Board of Governors asked for and received Everson's resignation after it "concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr.
The type of flu that is going around is called Influenza A (H3N2), which is often linked to more serious diseases than other flu varieties, Dr.
The flu kills about 36,000 people a year in the United States, according to the CDC, though the range varies greatly each year.
Even if phase 2 of Marvel's mad-scientist movie plan isn't as successful as phase 1 -- heck, even if "Avengers 2" makes half of what "Avengers" has made in two weeks of global release -- Jackson looks likely to achieve a career global tally of $10 billion.
Since 2005, almost 2,000 garment workers have been killed in factory fires and structure collapse.
Saudi authorities shut down LBC offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after the interview aired a few months ago.
The Netherlands has apologized to Russia for arresting one of its diplomats in The Hague over the weekend, the Dutch government said Wednesday.
The president has had at least a small majority of public support behind him in conflicts involving the United States over the past 20 years.
Iraqi officials have warned of attacks during the pilgrimage ahead of national elections on March 7.
Cullen -- who said that police officers have made similar gestures toward him -- came up with the voice because of his brother Larry, an officer in the Marine Corps.
Gloria Taylor, 57, collapsed while walking with her husband Richard in south-east London Tuesday, the agency reported.
Human Rights Watch released a letter Tuesday that was signed by more than 100 global HIV/AIDS and social justice organizations and sent the day before to Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Hun Sen and Health Minister Mam Bunheng.
(EW.com) -- On the heels of reports that NBC is considering a creative restart on "The Office," comes last night's ratings: The comedy veteran fell to a series low while facing a repeat of CBS' "The Big Bang Theory" in the 9 p.m.
Florida Gov.
The U.N.
Admirers say Yao has done more for improving China's image overseas than any modern-day politician or diplomat.
The U.S.
PCWorld researchers visited 3,300 gates, testing more than 17,000 electrical outlets, 5,000 USB ports and 1,350 charging stations during an audit of the 40 busiest airports in the United States.
The situation is so bad in New Jersey that Gov.
He later suffered a stroke, which doctors said was a complication of the heart failure.
The official was the subject of a complaint to the Football Association (FA) from Chelsea after their 3-2 defeat by Manchester United in October but vehemently denies their claims.
Washington (CNN) -- Ten Mexican nationals have been charged with last year's killings of three Americans connected to the U.S.
The state was also the last to emancipate slaves, in 1846, it says.
The eastern part of Congo has been embroiled in violence since 1994, when Hutu forces crossed the border fearing reprisals following the genocide in neighboring Rwanda.
The U.N.
At least 66 passengers and 17 crew members came down with a quickly spreading digestive bug aboard the Crown Princess, said spokeswoman Karen Candy of Princess Cruises.
Though Princess Cruises believes norovirus is at the root of the outbreak, due to the quick increase in the cases of gastric ailment, Candy did not confirm it as the cause.
It causes nausea, vomiting and diarrhea, and is believed to have infected passengers on a number of cruise ships in recent months.
Norovirus infects many people on land, but health officials track it on cruise ships, leading to more frequent reporting of cases, the CDC said.
Members of the Ladies in White dress in white, carry flowers and march to demand the release of political prisoners -- many of whom are relatives and friends of the women.
Last weekend's chart champion, Disney-Pixar's $185 million effort "Brave," dropped by 49% in its second weekend to a still-strong $34 million -- good for third place.
(CNN) -- U.S.
(CNN) -- U.S.
That's what Rich Froning did as he secured his fourth consecutive title as the Fittest Man on Earth at the CrossFit Games this past July.
(CNN) -- A U.N.
Dotro was arrested and accused of setting fire to the house of Edison police Capt.
"So when the cops come to arrest me for shooting off the porch, I can tell 'em Joe said it's ok," wrote one online user.
The Obama administration has been pressing for gun reforms since the December massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, where an AR-15-wielding gunman killed six adults and 20 children between the ages of 6 and 7.
The doctor is in stable condition in Freetown and will be evacuated shortly, it said.
The U.S. intelligence community does not believe North Korea intends to launch a long-range missile in the near future, a U.S. intelligence official told CNN, despite reports in Japanese media citing intelligence that the North Korean regime intends to fire a missile toward Hawaii on July 4.
The United States conducted two airstrikes near Ramadi on Friday, according to U.S.
Starbucks refuses to ban loaded guns from its coffee shops in the 43 states that allow people to openly carry loaded weapons.
For $89, self-styled entrepreneur Kyle Waring will ship you 6 pounds of Boston-area snow in an insulated Styrofoam box -- enough for 10 to 15 snowballs, he says.
Democratic Sen.
Almost 60% of Europeans believe cash is the dirtiest item they come into contact with, ahead of escalator handrails, buttons on payment terminals and library books, according to a survey of 1,000 people released on March 25 by Mastercard.
He was heir to the banking, oil and aluminum fortunes of the Mellon family and used his estimated $1.4 billion wealth to underwrite conservative crusades and groups that included the Heritage Foundation, the Cato Institute and the American Enterprise Institute.
Bush made that demand reluctantly after an international court concluded Medellin was improperly denied access to his consulate before his original prosecution, a violation of a treaty signed by the United States decades ago.
Artists are eligible 25 years after their first recording is released.
(CNN) -- Billionaire oilman T.
(CNN) -- Hardly anyone has been rumored dead as often as al Qaeda's No.
He was released in 2008 to his native Saudi Arabia under the condition that he not travel outside the country.
In 2009, American troops opened fire at a Baghdad airport checkpoint, killing Italian secret service agent Nicola Calipari and wounding a just-freed Italian hostage, journalist Giuliana Sgrena, whom Calipari was trying to spirit out of the country.
The trial of Seattle student Amanda Knox, accused of killing her British roommate Meredith Kercher in November 2007 when the two shared a house in Perugia, Italy, is also controversial.
Now: Christin left behind her acting career after a brief appearance in "Clueless" the television show and became an anti-war activist.
Feller was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia in August and underwent surgery at the Cleveland Clinic to implant a pacemaker in October.
Over the last four years, he has helped make Best Western the largest international hotel brand in Asia with more than 100 hotels -- including 30 properties in China.
"I think it's more than likely that he's giving this a serious thought in moving forward," his eldest son, George P.
William J.
The confusion apparently stemmed from a U.S. law passed in 2011 that prevents NASA funds from being used to collaborate with China or to host Chinese visitors at its facilities.
Researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many years from trash being dumped off boats and ocean-going ships, and from trash accumulated on beaches, where it eventually washed in the Pacific Ocean and into the huge zone.
Louisiana Gov.
As Republicans criticize the Obama administration's appointment of Klain, Democrats are intensifying their push for a vote on the delayed nomination of Dr.
The United States considers Iran a state sponsor of terrorism and has accused the country of meddling in Iraq and in Afghanistan where U.S. troops are battling Taliban and al Qaeda remnants more than six years after the September 11, 2001, attacks.
At the Alamo, instead of ads, we create customized video "preshow" content that is fun and entertaining and themed to the movie you are about to see.
Relations between Iran and Arab states have always been tense: through its proxies, Iran sometimes accuses some of the leading Arab states, including Egypt and Saudi Arabia, of being subject to the whims of Western imperialism and of failing to confront America and its ally, Israel, in the region.
Some Arab states look to Iran as a regional superpower that can support them financially, militarily and politically in their confrontation with the international community.
The Saudi Interior Ministry said Ahmed Al-Shamlani Al-Anzi was sentenced to death and then "crucifixion" -- having his body displayed in public -- for the kidnapping and killing of an 11-year-old boy and for the killing of the boy's father, according to the official Saudi Press Agency.
Operators shut down the plant's No.
The girls' abduction occurred in an area where the government doesn't have a firm grip.
He moved to the U.S. from Pakistan at the age of 16 to study at the University of Illinois, became a U.S. citizen and turned himself into one of the world's richest men.
Jurors listened to a video deposition from Evans recorded three weeks before her death in 2002 in which she described receiving cigarettes from Lorillard when she was a child.
Marie Evans died at age 54 after suffering from small cell lung cancer, according to the criminal complaint.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Obama announced Monday his choice for surgeon general -- Dr.
Mo recently won China's prestigious Mao Dun literary award -- a potential indication that China has become more open to talking about the issue.
Already 26 bodies have been recovered, and rescuers expect to find more as flood waters recede.
London (CNN) -- Coca-Cola -- the world's ubiquitous brown fizzy drink -- is staying afloat as the soda market shrinks, and many point to a marketing strategy around the so-called "secret recipe" as key to its resilience in a struggling industry.
London (CNN) -- Coca-Cola -- the world's ubiquitous brown fizzy drink -- is staying afloat as the soda market shrinks, and many point to a marketing strategy around the so-called "secret recipe" as key to its resilience in a struggling industry.
But on Wednesday, Trumka urged Democrats to take sides on labor ahead of the 2016 presidential election and said that if the party wants labor there on Election Day, they need to get behind the group's priorities.
Music journalist Paul Stokes, associate editor of Q magazine, says the best revivals were of artists who did not try too hard to be cool.
An earlier report found instances of mismanagement and inadequate accounting at Dover, noting that some body parts were missing from the mortuary and in one case an arm was sawed off so a body would fit in a casket.
Iraq's Ministry of Justice maintains that the judicial system is "fair and just."
How could citizens mourn the passing of a totalitarian, such a gross abuser of human rights?
The quake's epicenter was about 17 miles (27 kilometers) from Ometepec, Guerrero.
Other "Believe" guests include Drake, Kanye West, Timbaland and Diplo.
Called the "STRIP Act," for "Stop TSA's Reach In Policy Act," the bill was introduced by Rep.
According to the Township of Sparta Police Department, Nicholas Delear Jr. sent a text last week boasting about marijuana he had for sale to a number that just happened to belong to the 10-year-old son of Lt.
The federal agency has been working on the Ebola vaccine over the last few years and says it has seen positive results when testing it on primates.
(CNN) -- Real Madrid kept up the pressure on La Liga rivals Barcelona on Sunday with a 1-0 win over Sevilla at the Bernabeu.
On Monday, security forces in Ankara used pepper spray and water cannons to disperse secularist groups trying to hold a rally celebrating the anniversary of the foundation of the Turkish republic.
On October 26, a dozen bustling New York City subway stations will be adorned with the ads as "part of a coordinated multi-organizational advertising campaign designed to raise awareness about people who don't believe in a god", according to a statement from the group, the Big Apple Coalition of Reason.
The 200 miles from the Dominican capital of Santo Domingo to the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince has been backed up and can take as long as 18 hours to travel by vehicle, according to the report from the U.N.
The Swede -- who lost to defending champion Matt Every by one stroke -- was ticked off that he and playing partner Morgan Hoffman were subjected to time constraints from the 15th hole onwards because of alleged slow play Sunday.
Abortion was legalized in all 50 states in 1973 by the U.S.
(CNN) -- In just the past 19 days, an estimated 63,000 people have been displaced from their homes in Somalia by fighting involving government forces and militias, combined with "general insecurity," the United Nations' refugee agency said Tuesday.
The Madison tent city is named in honor -- or, more accurately, in defiance -- of Gov.
H5N1 has led to 248 deaths worldwide since 2003, including 21 in China, according to the WHO.
The nationalities of the service members were not immediately available.
Celebrities like Zoe Saldana said goodbye to the avant-garde, instead favoring clean lines and refined tones.
Minx or fox, they're not: Faux-fur vests like Kim Kardashian's are animal- and closet-friendly -- they're suitable toppers for almost anything.
Rene Lacoste, Henri Cochet, Jean Borotra and Jacques "Toto" Brugnon were collectively unbeatable in the 1920s and early 1930s, dominating world tennis for almost a decade and establishing France as a major power in the sport.
But G-Paws doesn't give live data -- so no real-time stalking -- which Evans says has helped him keep the cost and weight of the unit down.
Like ISIS, al-Nusra Front is trying to establish an Islamic state, though primarily in Syria.
New York (CNN) -- Hundreds of people might have been exposed to hepatitis A while receiving communion on Christmas Day, Long Island officials said Monday.
A U.S.
"Alan Wake" is a strange single-player adventure about a bestselling author in the middle of a dry spell.
"From this perspective, there are no bad guys, just two people," they say, expanding on the blame-free, "it's about people as individuals, not just the relationship" theory.
Unwind with a frosty glass of Efes Pilsen on the rooftop terrace of Seven Hills Hotel (drinks for two $10), which feels like it is suspended between the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sofia against the backdrop of the Marmara Sea.
The Maracana stadium will host the World Cup final on July 13.
To cut spending, Puerto Rico announced last month that thousands of government employees would be fired in the second round of layoffs this year.
The Michigan High School Athletic Association on Thursday approved a waiver provision that gives a student athlete with Down syndrome a chance to continue participating in sports despite being 19 years old.
Twilight moved back up to the No.
Australia declined 53 percent to bank $7 million at No.
Rep.
(CNN) -- The 9th U.S.
I know the regime killed him because the pattern of events is so typical we can almost accurately predict the regime's next course of action when it comes to similar cases.
Video analytics company Visible Measures - the one we work with to put out our monthly top 10 webisodes chart - curates a list of video called the "100 Million Club."
President Woodrow Wilson didn't learn to read until age 12.
British Airways employs just more than 40,000 people in the United Kingdom.
Last month, the company posted a record annual loss of £400 million ($656 million).
CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN) -- At a debate in front of thousands of labor union activists Tuesday, Sen.
The early Saturday blast damaged refinery infrastructure and ripped through nearby houses.
On Sunday, President Hugo Chavez arrived at the refinery to survey the damage.
(CNN) -- Census-takers are fanning out across Sudan this week in a landmark headcount meant to determine how to divide power and wealth in the war-weary African nation.
"The U.S. leads the tally of world lists of zoos and aquariums, with nine of the top 25 zoos (and) 10 of the top 25 world aquariums," said the U.S.-based website in a statement accompanying the announcement of the awards.
Former world No.
Datu Unsay Mayor Andal Ampatuan Jr.
Ampatuan could face an additional 16 charges in the Nov.
This is a 33% rise in journalist deaths since just last year.
"We think the judge could not be more wrong," Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in his weekly radio address Friday on the "John Gambling Show" on WABC.
Meanwhile, in the Friday evening German Bundesliga match, Borussia Moenchengladbach beat Nuremberg 2-1 to move up to 11th place in the table.
Al Qaeda also took responsibility for a January 2 bombing that killed four and wounded 20 at a building housing security forces in Naciria, a city about 50 km (31 miles) east of Algiers.
Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner says her office has received death threats.
Since 2012, the Food and Drug Administration has publicly discussed making naloxone for over-the-counter use in hopes of reducing overdose fatalities.
(CNN) -- While Sen.
On the men's ATP World Tour, sixth-ranked Tomas Berdych will play No.
This is the Afghanistan National Institute of Music (ANIM), which has been up and running for the past two and a half years.
In one of the most closely-watched Senate races of the year, incumbent Democratic Sen.
Last night was up more than 50 percent from season two.
Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991, when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting.
The series is part study in South African architecture, part deep commentary on life in the country.
What Williams does is create a fully realized portrait of Monroe.
At once lightweight and melancholy, "My Week With Marilyn" doesn't purport to reveal any deep, dark secrets or illuminate any truths that we already don't know.
CTE has been found in the brains of 14 of 15 former NFL players thus far studied at the center.
Duerson suffered a minimum of 10 known concussions during the course of his career, some of them involving loss of consciousness, said Dr.
(CNN) -- Paris Saint Germain completed the signings of France internationals Jeremy Menez and Blaise Matuidi from Roma and Saint-Etienne respectively on Monday.
He was a founder of the James Weldon Johnson Institute for the Study of Race and Difference, and the founding co-chair of the Alice Walker Literary Society, named for "The Color Purple" author.
The virus has killed 961 people from the start of the outbreak this year through Wednesday, the World Health Organization said.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- At least 140 Afghan schoolgirls and female teachers were admitted to a local hospital Tuesday after drinking poisoned water, said local health officials, who blamed the act on extremists opposed to women's education.
In 2010, more than 100 schoolgirls and teachers were sickened in a series of similar poisonings.
Roach was referring to a 2003 U.S. grand jury submission by Mosley where he admitted using EPO, a performance enhancing drug, as he prepared to fight Oscar De La Hoya.
Watch or record "Eyewitness to Murder: The King Assassination" when it airs on CNN on Sunday, April 3 at 7 p.m.
Examine the lives of Dr.
Evaluate the effect King's death had on the civil rights movement.
Washington (CNN) -- When Republican Sen.
(CNN) -- A U.S. destroyer is shadowing a ship off the coast of Somalia after it was taken over by 50 pirates, authorities said.
"Players will tell you, you can get teary-eyed thinking what this could mean to your mum and dad, your wife, your children, for your name in history," Dr.
Rwanda is now considered one of Africa's most stable nations.
Communication and recruitment challenges are some of the biggest obstacles facing young business leaders who want to return home, according to Lewis-Gayle.
Students from sub-Saharan Africa are the most mobile in the world, according to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
The American bulldog was given to Shields as a puppy, and was a member of the family, taking a central role in many memories over the years.
Johnson also was originally charged with kidnapping, but the jury couldn't reach a verdict on that charge.
"No more competition," she had said as she climbed out of the canoe after becoming the first woman in Olympic history to win gold 20 years apart and the fifth competitor to collect winner's medals at five separate Games.
Fischer also won 27 world championship titles between 1979 and 1999, yet in a sport that is rarely in the spotlight she remains modest about her achievements.
Women have made up about 11 percent of the military force in Iraq and Afghanistan in the past six years, according to the Department of Defense; that's an estimated 180,000 women in the war zone.
Officials said it is expected to include equipment such as body armor, night vision goggles and other military equipment that is defensive in nature, but could be used to aid in combat by Syrian rebels battling forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad.
"Due to the continued uncertainty of the weather forecast and to be fair to the players and not inconvenience our on-site fans any longer, we regrettably have to move the US Open Men's Singles Final, " a statement on the official U.S.
Critics, however, describe the luring of top players to China as vanity projects by club owners more interested in benefiting their business empires than developing football at the grassroots level in the world's most populous nation.
"The most important thing is that I come here to help Chinese football," Drogba said.
TEPCO (Tokyo Electric Power Co.) estimates about 900,000 terabecquerels of radioactive materials were released between March 12 and March 31, according to Japan's Kyodo news agency.
Palin campaigned for a sales tax increase to finance the $14.7 million project, winning approval for the half-cent levy by a margin of 20 votes.
The complex is getting a lot of use, but it is not breaking even.
The official new title of the show is "Don't Trust The B----- in Apartment 23," dashing out the letters of the curse in an attempt to soften its impact (not entirely unlike how CBS solved buying short-lived "S**t My Dad Says" last season, substituting the non-word "$#*!").
(CNN) -- Pope Benedict XVI refused Wednesday to soften the Vatican's ban on condom use as he arrived in Africa for his first visit to the continent as pope.
Sub-Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region of the world, according to the United Nations and World Health Organization.
Glenn Mack Jr. told reporters Tuesday that he experienced harassment by his supervisors because of his Islamic faith, resulting in his termination.
(CNN) -- Borussia Dortmund are back on top of the German Bundesliga table after a 2-0 victory at title rivals Mainz on Sunday.
Six people were killed and 22 injured in the attack on the Jo Goldenberg kosher restaurant on Rue des Rosiers in the French capital's central Marais district.
(CNN) -- U.S.
To use Cydia or the apps available through it, customers need to jailbreak their phones -- hack them to work around Apple-imposed restrictions -- a process that Apple claims is illegal.
(CNN) -- Paraguay international Salvador Cabanas is in a critical condition after being shot in the head in Mexico City.
The 29-year-old Club America striker was taken to a hospital intensive care unit following the incident on Sunday night.
He has scored more than 100 times in the Mexican top-flight and has netted 18 goals in 24 matches this season.
(CNN) -- Ecuador's Antonio Valencia has signed a new four-year deal with English Premier League champions Manchester United.
(CNN) -- Churches in the Malaysian states of Sabah and Sarawak on the island of Borneo have vowed to continue to use the word "Allah" in defiance of a Malaysian court ruling this week that ruled that the word could not be used by a Roman Catholic newspaper to refer to the Christian God.
She does have a specific memory of enjoying the works of J.R.R.
Atlanta (CNN) -- A woman charged with sending threatening packages to two lawmakers, including a U.S. representative, was killed Sunday after she tried to attack a police officer at her home near Atlanta, police and the lawmakers said Monday.
One of their biggest hits was "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy," which became a World War II anthem.
The Andrews Sisters earned 19 gold records and sold about 100 million singles.
(CNN) -- American teenager Missy Franklin claimed a record-equaling fifth gold medal in the 200m backstroke final at the swimming world championships in Barcelona on Saturday.
(CNN) -- Two Norwegian citizens were sentenced to death Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of the Congo for espionage, murder and attempted murder, Norway's Ministry of Foreign Affairs has confirmed to CNN.
(CNN) -- Rory McIlroy is enjoying the best year of his fledgling golf career, but the U.S.
The working-man paean ''We Take Care of Our Own'' recalls ''Born in the U.S.A.'' both in its upbeat E Street boogie and in its ironic message, which practically dares some Republican to misinterpret it as a campaign song.
Republicans certainly hope the gender play backfires and that voters are fatigued by the kind of identity politics that have defined the Obama years.
The emphasis on women -- and the progress of women -- as a possible underlying campaign theme is a reversal of her 2008 strategy, which stressed experience and competence over history.
After numerous easily won congressional contests in West Virginia's second district, Rep.
Her naked body was found with her head in a toilet in an Olongapo hotel room shortly after midnight Sunday, police said.
His report comes out less than a week after seven CIA officers and a Jordanian intelligence agent were killed by a double agent who set off a suicide bomb inside their base in Afghanistan.
Texas Sen.
Do you know a hero?
Sultan Munad, an Afghan journalist accompanying Farrell, also was killed in the raid, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said.
Rudd would not comment on the cause of the explosion, citing the ongoing investigation.
Even Bronco Stadium's bright blue playing field -- sometimes called the "Smurf Turf" -- was the first non-green field in college football and remains the only alternative color in Division One.
(CNN) -- Recep Tayyip Erdogan was officially sworn in as Turkey's new president Thursday after comfortably winning the country's first direct vote to decide its head of state earlier this month.
Sgt.
Indeed, Castro has promised to move within a few weeks to improve efficiency by cutting some of the red tape that can frustrate the most fervent of revolutionaries.
(CNN) -- U.S.
(CNN) -- U.S.
Now, a year later, Coletti is convinced that the woman he saw that morning was Shannan Gilbert, a prostitute whose disappearance triggered an investigation that led police to discover at least eight bodies on a remote stretch of beach in Long Island.
A top U.S.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Torrential rain in Myanmar has forced thousands to flee their homes and flooded hundreds of thousands of acres of rice paddies, media reports and aid workers say.
Foley, 84, was a Democrat who represented Washington state in the House for 30 years and served as speaker from 1989 to January 1995.
After his tenure on Capitol Hill, he was appointed U.S. ambassador to Japan by President Bill Clinton.
A graduate of Massachusetts' Smith College, Rehman served as the information minister in 2008 until her resignation the following year.
Media reports in Pakistan have speculated that Haqqani played a key role in the alleged offer.
Samples from two of those children tested positive for enterovirus 68, a rare virus that has been linked to severe respiratory illness in the past.
"He really handled it head on, but it was funny too," audience member Larry Lefkowitz of Brooklyn Heights, New York, told CNN after the taping.
The arrests were made primarily in San Diego County and were the culmination of three major investigations on gang activity in the area, U.S.
The suspects are part of 20 major street gangs that were overseen by the Mexican Mafia, authorities said.
The body of Jasmine Fiore, 28, was found Saturday stuffed into a suitcase inside a Dumpster behind an apartment complex in Buena Park, just outside Anaheim in Orange County.
A New Zealand man finds confidential U.S. military files on a used MP3 player he bought at a thrift store for $9.
After an expedited review by the U.S.
Hopper is dying of prostate cancer, according to documents filed in his divorce case this week.
(CNN) -- The age rating for new mobile video-sharing app Vine has been raised to 17+, meaning appropriate for users 17 and older, after it was flooded with pornographic images.
Since its launch two weeks ago, the Twitter-owned Vine had been rated 12+ in Apple's App Store, the only place it is currently available.
(CNN) -- Switzerland's largest city has permitted the use of controversial posters which call for a ban on the construction of minarets on mosques in the European country.
The posters are part of a campaign by the nationalist Swiss People's Party (SVP) and feature a veiled woman against a background of a Swiss flag pierced by several minarets resembling missiles.
That's the daily reality for Afghan journalist Farida Nekzad, who says she's been threatened by extremist groups warning her against publishing articles that cast a critical lens on local customs and national politics.
Both photographs sparked outrage after they were posted on an Instagram account belonging to Spc.
(Mashable) -- Facebook accidentally went live with a handful of prototype features earlier today, including a site-wide yet short-lived overhaul of Pages.
Knife crime in Britain is a political hot topic due to a spate of recent killings of mainly young people in major cities.
China has now surpassed 649 million users, outnumbering the entire U.S. population two to one, according to official figures released Tuesday.
Sanford is accused of using tax money to buy business-class airfare on domestic and international flights, flying on a state-owned aircraft to political gatherings or events "which involved no official business," and spending campaign funds for personal use such as buying a ticket to attend President Obama's inauguration in January.
Britons eat fish and chips twice as much as any other takeaway meal, with 382 million meals consumed a year, according to Denise Dodd, General Secretary of the NFFF.
Democratic Sen.
The Web-based game is expected to launch sometime next year.
His research on retired sports players shows that repeated head injuries in sports increase the risk of memory loss, depression and other long-term consequences.
The office of U.N.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Shortly before his death, Sen.
Lee is a former CEO of an engineering and construction company with a vast personal fortune.
Forecasters predict sunny skies and 10 mph winds, good news for the predicted 3.5 million people along the parade route.
As many as 4 million Americans have Sjögren's syndrome (pronounced SHOW-grens), according to the Sjögren's Syndrome Foundation, making it the second most common autoimmune disease after rheumatoid arthritis, and ahead of lupus.
Ninety percent of the people with the syndrome are women.
James E.
Analysts estimate the energy harvesting industry could be worth as much $30 billion by 2018.
But the boy band's official Twitter account dropped a strong hint on Saturday using the hashtag #SNL40: "Together again...
Tehran, Iran (CNN) -- As Tehran approaches the 30th anniversary of the Iranian hostage crisis, in which dozens of Americans where held against their will for 444 days, the Islamic republic is firmly warning against reformists taking to the streets to protest the government.
It wasn't simply her athletic prowess that had made her a national heroine, however (in 1998 she was named Australian of the year), but the fact that she was one of the very few native aborigines to achieve success, sporting or otherwise, in a country that until 1962 had refused to even allow aborigines the right to vote.
(CNN) -- Top seed Svetlana Kuznetsova tumbled out of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells on Saturday, but two-time champion Kim Clijsters cruised into the third round.
Maj.
Some strains cause blindness, while others come with more severe skin disease.
(CNN) -- Witches, ghosts, a haunted house and a deadly plane crash: "The Night Strangers" has all the hallmarks of a good ghost story, but bestselling author Chris Bohjalian has put his own 21st-century spin on the supernatural genre in his frightening new novel.
The U.S.
John Edwards admitted Friday that he had an affair with Rielle Hunter in 2006.
Qing Hua will become the first Chinese driver to compete in an official F1 competition when he takes over from India's Narain Karthikeyan for the session.
Fire survivor Tripp Wylie, a 20-year-old South Carolina sophomore, said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends.
"Burt Wonderstone" seems to be reaching for the tone of early Farrelly brothers movies like Kingpin, and also for the madcap hostility of Zoolander.
The U.S.
The eruption forced U.S.
The second episode of AMC's new historical drama "Turn" had 1.9 million viewers with its premiere airing â€” not good, but it's a fair performance considering its lead-in.
(CNN) -- Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced just days before leaving office that the Pentagon is extending some benefits to the same-sex partners of service members.
"I play because I love the game.
When Secretariat is running his races, the movie has a hokey, old-fashioned appeal.
Despite being the world's second largest economy, China ranks 20th globally in terms of recorded music revenue, according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI).
(CNN) -- In 1937, Life magazine launched the career of an up-and-coming starlet with a photo spread that, overnight, made "Cynthia" a household name.
There was just one minor catch: Cynthia wasn't human, she was a mannequin -- a plaster, dead-eyed dummy.
In the most recent attack, two men were killed Thursday in Sadr City area of Baghdad after they were disowned by relatives, the official said.
Ireland has called for the EU to impose sanctions against Iceland for over-fishing, and talks in September between Norway, Iceland, the Faroe Islands and the EU were inconclusive.
Dr.
Dr.
(CNN) -- Rep.
The U.S.
December marks the 60th anniversary of the U.N.'s Genocide Convention, when -- in the aftermath of the Holocaust -- the nations of the world pledged to prevent and punish future attempts to eliminate ethnic, religious and national groups.
Samantha Koenig was last seen on February 1 being led by a man from the parking lot of the coffee stand where she worked.
The crime struck at one of the hallmarks of the Anchorage community, the tiny coffee stands around town, wrote Daily News columnist Julia O'Malley.
No official proposal to create such a program has been announced publicly, but veterans groups wrote a pre-emptive letter last week to President Obama voicing their opposition to the idea after hearing the plan was under consideration.
In New York, merchandise retailers are doing brisk business selling Lin's No.
And if Abe returns to office, he is expected to push back harder against a rising China than his predecessors, if his previous assertive leadership style is anything to go by.
Millions of families were separated by the Korean War, which ended in 1953 with a cease-fire, but no formal peace treaty.
(CNN) -- World No.
He presided over Singapore's bitter split from Malaysia in 1965 and molded the independent country into the global economic powerhouse it is today.
Blackwater became the target of widespread Iraqi outrage after its contractors were involved in the September 2007 shooting in Baghdad's Nisoor Square that left 17 civilians dead.
On Sunday morning Sept.
Mr Wen acknowledged the downturn that has gathered pace in China in recent months.
But he stressed that the government had not yet taken any extraordinary measures beyond the budget published at the start of the year and pledged that China would meet its target of expanding the economy by 7.5 per cent this year.
The agency surveyed more than 400,000 people to get its results.
As caught on camera by Justin Bieber, Hanks was clearly one of the best parts of a star-filled wedding reception over the weekend, unabashedly grooving to Montell Jordan's 1995 hit, "This Is How We Do It."
Moore, 48, has been in New York City to promote the short film she directed as part of Lifetime's TV anthology, "Five."
(CNN) -- For Dr.
Although separated by the Atlantic Ocean, Brazil and Africa have long historical and cultural ties, dating back to the days of slave trade in the 16th century, where scores of Africans where shipped to the former Portuguese colony to be exploited as slaves on the sugar cane plantations.
His season has been ruined by a pinched nerve in his back, requiring surgery at the end of March and meaning he missed the Masters and the U.S.
Fair foods can be enjoyed in moderation, says Dr.
The women, who were believed to be Finnish, worked for the International Assistance Mission, said Governor Sayed Fazlullah Wahidi said.
In 1978, Alcala was a winning bachelor on the television show "The Dating Game."
Mostly found in old urban areas in Kowloon -- Sham Shui Po, Kwun Tung and Tai Kok Tsui -- the houses are crammed together so tightly that they form their own above-ground streetscapes, complete with gardens, playgrounds and places of worship.
San Bruno, California (CNN) -- California Sen.
Khobragade's lawyer, Daniel Arshack, says his client is entitled to diplomatic immunity and can't be prosecuted under U.S. law, CNN's Indian sister network IBN reported.
Arlene Samen, right, helps provide childbirth education and equipment to those in need through One H.E.A.R.T.
"Unlike some people, Belvedere always goes down smoothly," the ad's caption read.
Manufacturers and pharmacies in Europe are also reporting a surge in demand for face masks.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A U.S.
There has been no trace of her despite many searches.
Sacco's family had been worried there would be no serious investigation despite their offer of a $25,000 reward for any information on her.
Senate seat in Louisiana now held by Republican Sen.
Central government jobs are often described as a "golden rice bowl" for their stable income and generous benefits.
When she started her career, Jennifer Aniston was told that she needed to lose 20 pounds to be on "Friends."
The use of dietary supplements has exploded in the United States in recent decades.
"In the scarcity model, where there's only one person out there, we're all competing for the guy who's rich and handsome," she says.
Washington (CNN) -- Sen.
The U.S. military races to the moon to build a base -- to beat the Russians to the punch.
The private prosecution is led by a small civil servants union called Manos Limpias, or Clean Hands.
(CNN) -- This year will mark 51 years since President John F.
The announcement follows criticism of a Transocean Ltd. financial filing that claimed 2010 was its "best year" in safety.
We could transform lives and end deaths from the preventable diseases that kill millions of people each year.
Cheaper seats come with more restrictions and can sell out quickly (figure $80 to $160 for second-class, one-way).
Critics of the U.N.
Tymoshenko went on a hunger strike after the beating to draw attention to "violence and lack of rights" in her country.
"Game of Thrones" just began filming its fifth season in Europe, though Nairn â€” who is also a DJ â€” remains in Australia.
It's also a waste, considering that Cisco bought Flip from Pure Digital only two years ago for a cool $590 million.
The moves follows last month's report by an independent commission that found police tortured and used excessive force against civilians arrested during a crackdown on the protests that followed successful uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia.
(CNN) -- A campus police officer who sprayed seated protesters with pepper spray during a police attempt to clear out an Occupy encampment at the University of California Davis last year no longer works at the school, a university spokeswoman said.
(CNN) -- Undercover officers rescued a baby gorilla from suspected animal traffickers in the Democratic Republic of Congo, a national park in the country announced Tuesday.
It is also hosting more than 400,000 largely Sunni Syrian refugees at a cost of $ 1.5 billion and counting.
Andris Nelsons is the 35-year-old Latvian conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, known for his energetic conducting style.
There is great power in Nelson's gestures, and this energy acts as code for the orchestra.
Rep.
Rep.
A Superman Web site features Action Comics covers, including No.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Sens.
The spiritual leader of 1.2 billion Catholics stunned the world Monday with the news that he will resign February 28 "because of advanced age."
Nepal is a popular place for Israeli couples to have surrogate children.
(CNN) -- A legal defense fund for Army Staff Sgt.
China's art market has boomed in recent years as the country's newly affluent look to collect their own art and heritage.
The facility, mysteriously dubbed "site 911," will be built under the auspices of the Foreign Military Sales program and is expected to cost the U.S. between $25 million and $100 million, according to a solicitation for bids posted on a U.S. government website.
Only U.S.
(Mashable) -- Google plans to create 20 special channels on its YouTube site, and will spend $100 million to create original programming to populate them, according to sources who talked with the Wall Street Journal.
It was unclear when Google would begin spending the money to create the new programs, but the source said that Google has visited top Hollywood talent agencies in search of ideas, and will probably end up making deals with production companies and directors to produce the content.
As of Friday, one U.S. dollar was trading at around ZW$25 billion.
Realizing the worthlessness of the currency, the RBZ has allowed most goods and services to be charged in foreign currency.
And yet, as U.S.
And in late February, two U.S. officials and two U.S. congressional sources confirmed reports in British and other media that Emwazi went on to join ISIS and is the man known as Jihadi John.
Holder, in response to a question from Sen.
Holder, in response to a question from Sen.
Well, at nearly midnight, Keys saw a message that would lead to a pretty big piece of news that he didn't previously "catch" -- a message from a man named Adam Smith reading: "Hey is your mom's name Jackie?"
As an online news producer, Keys knows only too well the power of social media.
The Elizabeth Cross will be given to the next of kin of armed forces personnel killed on operations or as a result of terrorism "as a mark of national recognition for their loss," the Defense Ministry said.
The most prestigious medal, the Victoria Cross, was introduced by Queen Victoria in 1856 for acts of gallantry by the armed forces.
The Ebola virus was first detected in 1976 in the central African nation of Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo).
Initial symptoms of Ebola can be mistaken for other illnesses like the flu because they can be very similar: sudden high fever, joint and muscle pain and sore throat.
Her credits spanned decades and ranged from TV series such as "Growing Pains" and "The Facts of Life" to "Scarecrow and Mrs.
Three Mexican citizens are being held on suspicion of human trafficking, the PGR said.
(Financial Times) -- Michael Woodford, the whistleblowing ex-chief executive of Olympus, will seek up to $60m of compensation from his former company at an employment tribunal hearing scheduled to start on Monday in east London.
The British executive is claiming unfair dismissal and discrimination after he was sacked just two weeks after becoming chief executive in October.
The issue has become a political flashpoint in a presidential election year, and the lawsuit by attorneys general from Nebraska, Michigan, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Florida and Texas was certain to keep it prominent.
The suspect, Moroccan national Lahcen Ikassrien, has been indicted, along with 14 other suspected militants, on charges of recruiting and sending militants to help ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria.
Police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up more.
Bilateral trade between South Africa and the UAE tops $3 billion a year according to the South African embassy in Abu Dhabi.
Win two of those three states and the Republican wins the White House.
The incident occurred Wednesday on a flight from Paris to Beirut.
The ACC report identified an evolving market in a new generation of Performance and Image Enhancing Drugs (PIEDs) -- known as peptides and hormones.
"Walter George Brulh Jr. of Newark and Dewey Beach is a dead person; he is no more; he is bereft of life; he is deceased; he has rung down the curtain and gone to join the choir invisible; he has expired and gone to meet his maker," he wrote, quoting from Monty Python's sketch about a dead parrot.
"He was very charismatic," Leslie Wagner-Wilson, a Jonestown survivor, says of the Rev.
Since the accident, Air France has replaced the pitots on its Airbus fleet with a newer model.
(CNN) -- Jose Mourinho has admitted he was left angered by the decision to sell Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Barcelona, although the Inter Milan coach reveals he is delighted to welcome Samuel Eto'o to the San Siro.
(Financial Times) -- Australia's resource-rich economy expanded at twice the pace expected by economists in the first quarter of 2012, lifted by an unexpected increase in household spending and continued heavy investment in mining projects.
According to Ramirez, 2012 might yield some especially good deals on refurbished Apple MacBook Air models.
A U.S.
This year marked the Black Keys' fifth trip to Coachella, and their debut as mainstage headliners.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- French scientists have unveiled a working prototype of a fully artificial heart which is based on the technology of satellites and airplanes.
Two magnetic fields also control the blades' oscillations, which each rotate an average of 2,000 times a minute depending on whether a person is standing, sitting up, exercising or coughing.
The spiraling violence in eastern Congo has displaced an estimated 250,000 people -- many of whom have fled to refugee camps.
The least traveled day is expected to be Thanksgiving Day itself, or November 24, Heimlich said.
Is American higher education worth the price?
"One click, and suddenly we'd lost a $5 million account," says Diamond, who is now self-employed as a publicist in Williams, Oregon.
Zhou Kehua -- one of the country's most wanted criminals -- was killed by police in the southwestern city of Chongqing on Tuesday morning, the state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
At least 16 people were killed and many more were wounded when a U.N.
EA keeps NFL's biggest names involved in the tournament, even after they hang up their cleats.
In all, 91 people were wounded in the clashes, the Palestinian Red Crescent Society said.
A Silicon Valley startup called Meta is creating augmented-reality glasses that will let you interact with virtual objects in the real world.
Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion after the CIA's use of a fake vaccination program last year to collect DNA samples from residents of Osama bin Laden's compound to verify the al Qaeda leader's presence there.
A small but dedicated community that includes governments, NGOs, donors and research institutions is working to expand access to basic sanitation services in developing countries.
Protests were also expected at federal courthouses in dozens of cities across the country, from Akron, Ohio, to Gainesville, Florida, to Honolulu, Hawaii.
In fact, the iPad 2's camera has more in common with the low-res camera in the iPod Touch than it does to the rather excellent one in the iPhone 4.
It seems that it will be fine for movies, and bad for photos.
(CNN) -- Emmanuel Adebayor has praised the impact Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has had on his career, following his loan move from Manchester City last month.
Their populations are declining rapidly because of hunting and diseases like Ebola hemorrhagic fever, whose symptoms include diarrhea, vomiting and internal and external bleeding.
(CNN) -- Watching the movie "Lincoln" on Saturday, Rep.
Last week, the CDC released tips for school administrators to follow.
(CNN) -- A U.S. plan to give new protection to polar bears was voted down Thursday at an international conference on endangered species.
An additional 68 people are still missing after storms ravaged the area, the nation's Interior Ministry said.
The goal of the talks -- dubbed Geneva 2 in recognition of a similar effort in the Swiss city in 2012 -- is to set up a transitional government that would end the violence that has wracked the country since March 2011, killing more than 100,000 people.
(CNN) -- Poland striker Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick as Borussia Dortmund swept aside Bayern Munich 5-2 in the German Cup final to win the domestic double for the first time in their history.
Mao proved to be good at fighting but poor at governing.
(CNN) -- World No.
Steady rain has flooded communities across 10 states in Brazil since early April.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- A Syrian arms dealer was sentenced to 30 years in a U.S. federal prison for conspiring to sell weapons as part of a plot to kill Americans in Colombia, according to prosecutors.
Jose Maria Olazabal's team trailed Davis Love III's U.S.
Mexico had filed a formal complaint against U.S. state and federal officials
Four Navy SEALs were injured; the most seriously injured of them was en route Wednesday to the U.S. military hospital facility in Landstuhl, Germany.
MUMBAI, India (Reuters) -- A newborn Indian baby found abandoned with 26 stab wounds has survived, doctors said on Wednesday, despite a cracked skull and exposed intestines.
All Four Seasons hotels must meet the approval of an acoustics consultant.
Copenhagen, Denmark (CNN) -- U.S.
Copenhagen, Denmark (CNN) -- U.S.
The league's owners began a lockout of players in early July.
President Barack Obama called Monday for a "new chapter" of improved governance in Afghanistan now that Karzai's re-election as president is complete.
China's car market will almost match the combined size of the U.S. and western European market by 2019 with sales set to double from current levels, according to a report by consultancy PricewaterhouseCoopers.
U.S. auto giants Ford and General Motors have reported record sales increases in China for the month of August.
The Gulf state has introduced the Labour Market Regulatory Authority to register and track workers of all types.
There has been no claim of responsibility for the attack.
A ruling by spring could have an immediate impact on the congressional midterm elections next November, and be another blow to existing federal election laws.
"I was working on the Elvis tour when he died so I kind of knew what to expect," Gongaware wrote in an e-mail to a friend two weeks after Jackson died.
(CNN) -- Dr.
News of the case sparked outrage in Spain and generated deep sympathy for the parents of 17-year-old Enaitz Iriondo Trinidad.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had visited a center for troubled street youth and attended a "Freedom of the City" ceremony at Quebec City Hall earlier in the day.
The one-day strike in protest against further cuts was organized by the two biggest unions in the country, with rallies in a number of cities across Greece, including Patras, west of Athens.
The same day that House Republicans powwow, former President George W.
The Oregonian reports that local U.S. consular officials have visited twice with Addison in prison and that U.S.
(CNN) -- World No.
(CNN) -- World No.
They are just ahead of people fleeing wars in Afghanistan and Somalia, said a report published by the U.N.
The girl's body was discovered by her 12-year-old brother after she hanged herself in her bedroom on Monday, according to Huron Township Detective Scott Carey.
Sen.
The parties need to remember that they are not the purpose of our politics -- and even though they might be polarized, the vast majority of the American people are not.
Raul Ochoa of Richmond, California, would spend the next 22 years in prison under a plea deal in which the victim won't be compelled to testify at the sentencing hearing on February 11, authorities said.
The ICC prosecutes individuals accused of crimes against humanity, war crimes, crimes of aggression and genocide.
Authorities do not yet know where the meat came from.
The banking association says 97% of homeowners are still paying their mortgages on time.
The area rich in oil deposits is rife with territorial disputes with claims by China, the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan.
Her visit comes as Haiti is fighting a massive cholera outbreak that has killed more than 2,000 people and sickened nearly 100,000.
As many as 20,000 households across New York City and Westchester are not expected to back online by the weekend because of internal electrical damage to their homes, officials said, though Con Edison tweeted Tuesday afternoon that its crews had restored power to 80% of its Westchester customers.
This year Nokia debuted a bike charger kit that works with Nokia phones.
Remember that any nonstandard product combination is likely to yield some bad experiences.
Marek Edelman was one of the leaders of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in World War II.
Edelman is thought to have been the last surviving commander of the uprising, in which Jews fought Nazi efforts to send them to concentration camps.
The U.S.
The U.S.
Jerusalem (CNN) -- Four Palestinian militants were killed Tuesday evening in an Israeli airstrike in the Zeitoun neighborhood east of Gaza City, the latest in a series of attacks in recent days that have included two children among the fatalities, Hamas security sources and Palestinian medical officials said.
The kidnappers were equipped with AK-47 rifles and put explosive-laden vests on some hostages, a U.S.
The smattering of balls were found roughly 300 yards from the beach and 100 yards from the shore where it is thought locals and visitors have been using the loch to practice their driving skills for quite some time.
The Sachsenhausen concentration camp just north of Berlin where the U.S. says Krumpf worked as an SS guard.
Bieber attorneys Howard Weitzman and Shawn Holley met with prosecutors Tuesday to argue that since the egging was "a silly prank" and Bieber has no criminal record, it should be treated as a misdemeanor, two sources said.
(CNN) -- The Renault Formula One team have agreed to pay damages to their former driver Nelson Piquet Jr. and his ex-world champion father after accusing the pair of lying in the controversial "crashgate" affair.
Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh said Powell should leave the party.
Former Vice President Dick Cheney said he thought he already had.
Washington (CNN) -- Are James V.
Sen.
According to the CDC, between March 1 and Monday, 70 people in 30 states had been infected with a strain of E. coli.
Was there hazing, bullying, extortion?
There are no trials in the Mac App Store, and submissions are subject to strict rules, just like the iOS store.
Under the agreement, Transocean will have two years to pay out the $1 billion in fines for violations of the Clean Water Act.
"I never imagined in a million years that I would be in such a situation at my age and at this point in my career.
It was nearly two weeks ago that pictures emerged of the prince partying naked in a Las Vegas hotel suite.
As of 2011, 27 countries had higher life expectancies at birth than the United States.
"The U.S. health system is highly fragmented, with limited public health and primary care resources and a large uninsured population," the authors wrote.
So if Robert Downey Jr.
The design team is now in talks with potential owners about special modifications to suit their tastes, including working with fashion house Armani to fit out the interiors.
The Daintree region, in the far north-eastern tip of Australia, is popular with eco-tourists.
For more than a year, CNN has been investigating and reporting on veterans' deaths and delays at VA facilities all across the country, including detailed investigations in November and January 2013 examining deaths at two VA facilities in South Carolina and Georgia.
Gen.
Muhammad Mumtaz Qadri has been hailed as a hero in some quarters for gunning down Gov.
"I don't want to blame creativity, but when you grow up a certain way, unfortunately, I was not equipped with a lot of the tools that a person would need to be a partner."
UK Census figures show that 15% of people living in London share their homes with people they are not related to.
A state funeral will be held December 15 in Mandela's ancestral hometown of Qunu in the Eastern Cape province.
(CNN) -- "L.A.
The new survey indicates Arizona Sen.
The new survey indicates Arizona Sen.
The posts were deleted within minutes and the accounts have since been secured.
(CNN) -- McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton has predicted the 2011 British Grand Prix at Silverstone could be the most exciting in history.
Known for his ability to reach across the aisle, McCain could position himself as a powerful ally of the Obama administration while championing causes he's always held dear, including earmark reform, climate change issues and immigration reform.
The conversation between Obama and Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari was the latest bid to address strained relations between the two nations after a NATO airstrike killed the Pakistani troops on November 26.
"If you don't remember anything else I say in the next five or 10 minutes, remember this -- suicidal behavior in the 101st on Fort Campbell is bad," Brig.
The victim, Maren Sanchez, 16, who was described by her family as "a bright light full of hopes and dreams," died Friday after being slashed in a school stairwell, authorities said.
On "Mylo Xyloto," the choruses are bigger, the textures grander, the optimism more optimistic.
Martin says "Mylo Xyloto" was inspired by 1970s New York graffiti and the Nazi--resistance movement known as the White Rose -- it's probably no coincidence both were about young people embracing art in times of turmoil.
About $24,000 was found at Konias' grandmother's grave site on Wednesday, the source said.
Historian H.W.
On that matter, Obama offered a fierce defense of U.N.
On budget matters at home, Obama opened the door to compromise regarding the impending fiscal cliff of tax increases and spending cuts.
The snow began to fall Monday on northern and central Chinese provinces, including Hebei, Shanxi, Henan, Shandong, Hubei and Shaanxi, and Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, Xinhua reported.
The Dnieper basically slices Ukraine into two parts — east and west — as it flows roughly north to south connecting the capital, Kiev, to the Black Sea.
Her Ukraine photos won Mielnikiewicz a grant from the U.S.-based Aftermath Project, which encourages photographers to tell stories about the aftermath of conflict.
Spain coach Vicente del Bosque is giving injured stars Andreas Iniesta, Fernando Torres and Cesc Fabregas every chance to be fit, naming the key trio in a 30-man squad including five goalkeepers.
Proceeds of the lottery help Standing Together Against Rape in Anchorage, a nonprofit group that offers support to sexual assault victims among other services.
KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- The U.S. military bombed about 300 tons of poppy seeds in a dusty field in southern Afghanistan Tuesday in a dramatic show of force designed to break up the Taliban's connection to heroin.
Most of the passengers were pilgrims headed to the Basilica of Guadalupe in Mexico City.
What do you think?
Thirty to 40 militants were killed, but only 21 bodies had been recovered, the military said.
Fuego Volcan is one of Central America's most active volcanoes and has an elevation of 12,343 feet.
The result is a documentary, "Anvil!
Elsewhere in northern Iraq on Tuesday, Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition troops killed three suspected militants in an operation targeting al Qaeda in Iraq, the U.S. military said.
Border patrol officials have argued that more security is necessary to stop smugglers.
Pfc.
Until he went missing from a refugee camp in Turkey last August, Hejazi's husband, Syrian army Lieutenant Colonel Hussein al Harmoush, was the self-styled leader of a rebellion of mutinous soldiers against the Syrian government known as the "Free Syrian Army."
Super Typhoon Megi, also known as Juan, is expected to make landfall midday Monday at or near super-typhoon strength, with winds possibly in excess of 200 kph (124 mph), according to Mario Montejo, secretary of the Philippines' science and technology.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John J.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The servers hosting the Web sites of the House of Representatives and its members have been overwhelmed with millions of e-mails in the past few days, forcing administrators to implement the "digital version of a traffic cop" to handle the overload.
Democratic Sen.
Bolt, who became a household name with his gold medal win in the 2008 Beijing Games, is the first sprinter since U.S.
"The whole thing was too absurd for words," Eggers told KCCI.
Over the course of nearly two and a half hours, they played an astonishing 42 songs, many of them medley-style, with nearly no banter in between.
Health.com -- People who regularly use tanning beds may double or even triple their risk of developing melanoma, the deadliest form of skin cancer, according to a new study.
Prosecutors allege Berlusconi paid for sex repeatedly with an underage prostitute and later tried to pull strings to get her out of jail when she was arrested for theft.
Berlusconi resigned earlier this month over his country's debt crisis, bringing to an apparent end an 18-year era in which he dominated Italian politics.
The Nobel Prize for economic sciences has been awarded every year since 1969, when it was established by Sweden's central bank.
His first trip outside the United States was to Canada last month.
Nearly $5 billion worth of iPads have been sold in the three quarters since its launch.
India is now home to more poor people than the entire sub-Saharan Africa region.
(CNN) -- A California judge ruled Wednesday to allow cameras in a federal courtroom to document a challenge to Proposition 8, a measure banning same-sex marriage.
Jada Pinkett Smith's new TV show, "HawthoRNe," premieres Tuesday on TNT.
Now the company can react to market demand much faster and the chief executive can keep an eye on the quality of the production of the Airfix models, once more labeled "Made in Britain."
44 -- "Everybody can be great because everybody can serve," Dr.
He graduated from a university in the state, and plans to attend an Ohio medical school that requires him to have permanent residency, also known as a green card.
Rapper Psy on Saturday edged out the teenage pop star for the distinction of most-watched YouTube video ever, netting more than 806 million views.
AMC canceled the drama series "Low Winter Sun" after a single season, marking a rare freshman season axing at the network.
The show premiered in August to a relatively modest 2.5 million viewers despite a strong Breaking Bad lead-in, then fizzled during the course of its run.
Meanwhile, AMC has at least five dramas on tap for 2014: In addition to the return of "Mad Men," "The Walking Dead" and "Hell on Wheels," the network will introduce Revolutionary War drama "Turn," 1980s computer biz drama "Halt and Catch Fire" and possibly the Breaking Bad spin-off "Better Call Saul."
Brooks, Coulson and five others are on trial facing phone hacking charges, including conspiracy to intercept the voice mails of high-profile figures in Britain.
Relations between Iran and Arab states have always been tense: through its proxies, Iran sometimes accuses some of the leading Arab states, including Egypt and Saudi Arabia, of being subject to the whims of Western imperialism and of failing to confront America and its ally, Israel, in the region.
Some Arab states look to Iran as a regional superpower that can support them financially, militarily and politically in their confrontation with the international community.
A Dutch cameraman was killed and a correspondent wounded in a military incident Tuesday morning, the Dutch Foreign Ministry confirmed.
(CNN)Researchers say Dr.
Prisoners do engage in homosexual practices, but that doesn't mean they've gone from straight to gay, the experts said.
In all countries studied, the majority of young mobile users own feature phones (basic phones that don't run apps) -- which isn't surprising, since they indicated that price is the main driver in their purchase decision (except for Russia, where design was ranked as slightly more important).
Berkeley, California (CNN) -- On a research trip in Nigeria, Dr.
Boston magazine published the images Thursday, along with a story quoting Sgt.
Among the many obstacles to a negotiated break-up, Sunni areas in the west would not be economically viable unless they received a share of oil revenues from other regions; theirs is the only part of Iraq not sitting on lakes of oil.
Maybe six is the magic number for this Spice Girl Former Spice Girl Melanie Brown has turned down "Playboy" five times.
"Maneater" singer won't do it even with clothes on Canadian songstress Nelly Furtado once turned down a reported $500,000 to pose fully clothed in "Playboy."
Comparing the spread of Ebola to the ISIS threat against the United States, Sen.
Comparing the spread of Ebola to the ISIS threat against the United States, Sen.
Apple limits use of digital music to Apple gadgets used by the iTunes account holder.
Prince William of Wales, the second in line to the British throne, is marrying his college girlfriend Kate Middleton at Westminster Abbey in London on Friday.
Here's what we know about Frein, the 31-year-old wanted for the death of Pennsylvania State Police Cpl.
New York (CNN) -- Gov.
As MTV points out, "Cruel Summer" is similar to West's 2010 short film "Runaway" in that it's an extended music video with little dialogue and plenty of striking imagery.
The United Nations declared July 18 as Mandela Day four years ago to honor his role in reconciling a country torn apart by apartheid.
It started as a call to promote global peace and encourage community service.
Miller was convicted of committing "acts hostile" to North Korea and sentenced earlier this month.
Having secured a record contract with Universal Republic in her victory, Pope will soon hit the studio to record her debut solo album.
Second division team Blackburn Rovers confirmed Monday that striker D.J.
Warm, dry climates have the highest pollen levels, according to Pollen.com, while rainy or cool weather significantly reduces allergens in the air.
For the first time a political campaign is targeting voters by ZIP code on YouTube.
The U.S.
(CNN) -- Pakistan-born Usman Khawaja has become the first Muslim to be selected in an Australian cricket squad -- and could now play against his country of birth in Britain next month.
Housed at the World Bank, CGAP is an advocacy group that works with development agencies, foundations, and national governments to advance the lives of the poor by improving their access to finance.
Colombia remains the principal source of cocaine for the world, despite $6 billion in U.S. aid for anti-drug campaigns over the past decade.
Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of advocating for Tibetan independence from China.
The North Korean government has invited a large number of foreign journalists to attend the 60th anniversary of the signing of the armistice, which brought an end to the Korean War.
The initial press release about the crash of a U.S.
The world No.
Cooper said PB Capital will most likely sell the hotel privately after it takes over the title and will not try to operate the hotel itself.
The burning question for many fans watching the action in San Francisco is which Tiger Woods will show up for the U.S.
The 91-year-old Ukraine native was sentenced to five years in prison, but was allowed to remain free pending appeal due to age and a lack of flight risk.
The school aims to help kids who are "stuck in the middle" -- who can't keep up with the pace of regular schools, but haven't completely given up either.
(CNN) -- It's a question most of us seem to have pondered at some point: When should stores start on the Christmas season?
For one Canadian drugstore chain, the first week in November is too soon, at least for the sounds of the season.
Oxford's buzzworthy choice of "selfie" last month was a result of the word's growing usage and digital fame.
Scouts renewed their promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society.
Washington (CNN) -- The top U.S. military officer is reassuring his Pakistani counterpart that the U.S. military is not pressuring the Pakistani army to increase its operations against the Taliban there, a senior U.S. military official said.
Washington (CNN) -- The top U.S. military officer is reassuring his Pakistani counterpart that the U.S. military is not pressuring the Pakistani army to increase its operations against the Taliban there, a senior U.S. military official said.
The "re-education through labor" system dates back to the 1950s when the newly established communist regime swept up "counter-revolutionaries" and "class enemies" to maintain order.
Strong winds and rain from the powerful storm have left thousands without power.
"Can't we leave those guns to the trained military?"
"The French dropped by, but couldn't get near.
"Ain't no anger in my heart.
The male attacker is her husband, Mark Fuller, a U.S. district judge for the Middle District of Alabama.
One day earlier, Lugo had addressed -- and dismissed -- reports of a possible coup.
The updated Kindle Fire will sell for $159 and ship on September 14.
On the heels of those headlines, Congress passed the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 in December to improve school nutrition in the National School Lunch Program.
(CNN) -- World No.
"Gunshots/artillery fired over the past few hours in several locations in Juba," the U.S.
Drone strikes in the tribal regions bordering Afghanistan have drawn heated opposition in Pakistan because of civilian casualties.
France's role in the deportation of its Jews was a taboo subject for decades after the war.
The march, which has been peaceful so far, prompted a huge security operation across the country, with tens of thousands of soldiers and police deployed along the route to Islamabad, while massive shipping containers and reels of barbed wire have been used to seal off many roads and highways.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- India's financial capital of Mumbai was put on a high-tide alert with officials expecting a water rise of up to 197 inches (5 meters).
Every two minutes, someone in the United States is sexually assaulted, according to the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network.
Inflation in China is rising so quickly that it's sending shoppers across the border, to Hong Kong.
Saying it is "unfair for Florida taxpayers to subsidize drug addiction," Gov.
Marine Gen.
(CNN) -- Chelsea remain top of the English Premier League, despite suffering a shock 2-1 defeat at Everton on a Wednesday night filled with high drama.
The mother of four is still basking in the joy of being a newlywed.
The film raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity over the past 39 years.
(CNN) -- J.J.
Some analysts say the president risks diluting his message in the public's mind by being visible so frequently.
(CNN) -- Irish low-cost airline Ryanair posted a €169 million ($240 million) loss in the last year after being hit with higher fuel costs and a writedown in its investment in rival carrier Aer Lingus.
Ryanair's boss Michael O'Leary said though that he hoped to see a recovery this year, forecasting profits to "at least double" thanks to anticipated lower fuel costs.
The cruise liner alerted the U.S.
(CNN) -- Britain says it has suspended the government of the Turks and Caicos Islands and imposed direct rule after allegations of systemic corruption and "serious dishonesty".
Putin's closest electoral competitor is the Communist leader Gennady Zyuganov -- a serial election loser.
Clifton Davis sang "Never Can Say Goodbye," a hit he wrote for The Jackson 5 -- the group that featured a young Michael and his brothers.
Hundreds of thousands of sports fans and journalists are descending on South Africa for the World Cup soccer tournament, the biggest sporting event in the world this year.
The four were accused of luring Kevin Pennington into a truck in April 2011 and driving him up a deserted road into Kingdom Come State Park.
(CNN) -- Wladimir Klitschko successfully defended his WBO and IBF world heavyweight titles on Saturday after stopping Samuel Peter in the 10th round in Frankfurt, Germany.
Sex therapist Dr.
"Puss in Boots" cost $130 million to produce, and it earned Dreamworks' third-worst debut for a computer animated film, beating only "Flushed Away" and "Antz," which started with $18.8 million and $17.2 million, respectively.
The planned increase would lift spending to some 670 billion yuan ($106.4 billion) in 2012, which is almost 68 billion more than 2011 spending, said Li Zhaoxing, spokesman for the National People's Congress.
The Sabre system is used by more than 300 airlines and more than 100 airports worldwide.
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence.
Whether Greece can avoid the wholesale destruction of its banking system is unclear, especially if a "no" vote arrives.
(CNN) -- The United Nations envoy to Ukraine who was threatened by armed men in Crimea on Wednesday told CNN he hopes his experience "serves as a reminder to all how dangerous the situation has become."
University of Delaware students are being offered counseling after a doctoral student allegedly hid video cameras in restrooms around the university's Newark campus over a two-year period.
Police are contacting victims, and the university is offering counseling to anyone who requests it in connection with the case.
Bashir was first detained in August for his suspected links to a militant training camp raided by authorities in the province of Aceh in early 2010.
The police were often feared during Mubarak's time in power and some were accused of excessive violence in their attempts to suppress the revolution.
(CNN) -- Australian MotoGP star Casey Stoner will leave Ducati at the end of the season to join Japanese manufacturer Honda.
World champion Valentino Rossi is now expected to leave Yamaha to link-up with his fellow-Italians at Ducati.
The complex, which sits just north of the Demilitarized Zone that separates the two countries, houses the operations of more than 120 South Korean companies.
Muse faces a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars when he is sentenced on October 19.
Muse's actual age has been a subject of debate since his arrest last year.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta expressed his sympathy to those affected by the blasts, the Interior Ministry said via Twitter.
Do you know a hero?
Sen.
The move prevents the parents from permitting Laura to set off on her trip alone, though Laura will remain at home with her father, Dick Dekker, a court official said.
This high bar assured there would be a very long to-do-list, and some Republicans were quick to publicly admit they would not make his job easy. 
PolitiFact evaluated 508 promises and concluded that the president has kept 37% of them, compromised on 14% of them, has broken 16% of them, has gotten stalled on 10% of them and 22% are still "in the works."
The U.N.
The fighting was part of a major offensive by Ugandan and Burundian forces, who are part of the African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM), against Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked extremist group trying to take over the weak transitional federal government and implement a stricter form of Islamic law, or sharia.
The statue shows Keller -- who lost her sight and hearing to illness when she was 19 months old -- standing at a water pump as a 7-year-old, a look of recognition on her face as water streams into her hand.
View images of responses in U.S. and worldwide »
Israel uses the Iron Dome system only against rockets headed toward populated areas.
The crew of the Aqua Quest arrived in Tarpon Springs, Florida, on Wednesday after a voyage on stormy seas that delayed their return home by a day.
(CNN) -- A French filmmaker who recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador was found shot dead in the town of Tonacatepeque, about 10 miles northeast of the capital city of San Salvador, authorities said.
(CNN) -- Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian threw away the bronze medal he won in the Greco-Roman category in disgust in a protest over judging in his semifinal bout.
Combining the first three months, China still recorded a trade surplus of $14.49 billion in the first quarter, a fall of 76.7 percent from the same period of last year, Xinhua reported.
Security forces attempted to establish security control at Camp Ashraf in Iraq's Diyala province Tuesday and continued Wednesday to square off with members of the People's Mujahedeen Organization of Iran.
Iran wants to see the camp shut down, and the Iraqi government has said it would close the facility after it got control of the camp from the United States this year.
Dr.
13 - Number of presidential libraries in the United States.
3 - Number of presidential libraries located at universities in Texas.
More than $500 million - Amount raised for the George W.
Can you come up with the all-time record for No.
"The spectators assumed that their safety had been assessed and addressed."
Before Saturday's police shooting of an African-American teenager, Ferguson, Missouri, was known as one of hundreds of municipalities designated by a national nonprofit as a "Playful City USA," a place where children are supposed to have access to more opportunities to play in their communities.
For the first time, U.S.
(Children with darker skin are more likely to be deficient in vitamin D because they have more melanin than their fairer counterparts.
2 Caroline Wozniacki hopes to be fit for this year's second grand slam tournament, the French Open, despite suffering an ankle injury in an American event.
(CNN) -- World No.
Elsewhere, South African pair Louis Oosthuizen (67) and Branden Grace (65) sit a shot off the lead with Masters champion Charl Schwartzel (67) and Scotsman Richie Ramsay (68) tied for sixth at nine-under par.
Before the accident, Reyngoudt had played football, baseball, soccer and ran track for his high school team.
Lamb's statements were made after the company met with North Carolina clergy members who delivered a petition from people opposed to the retailer's decision to pull commercials, according to the Charlotte Observer.
If coffee shops define a good college town, Berkeley has the competition beat.
Russian Soyuz capsules ferry U.S.
(CNN) -- World football's governing body FIFA have confirmed that vice-president Jack Warner and executive committee member Mohamed bin Hammam have been provisionally suspended by the organization with immediate effect.
(CNN) -- Sen.
Meanwhile, a new CNN "poll of polls" released Friday evening shows Obama leading McCain by 6 percentage points, 46 percent to 40 percent.
General rush tickets and ticket lotteries are available to anyone looking to try his or her last-minute luck.
Two popular musicals offer onstage seating at a fraction of the standard prices.
All but two states are reporting widespread flu activity, according to the CDC.
Washington (CNN) -- A US Airways Express flight crew reported seeing what looked like a flare with a smoke trail in the vicinity of their aircraft while on approach to Philadelphia International Airport on Tuesday.
MIT researchers built their first robotic fish, "Robotuna," in 1994.
Spanish fashion retailer Zara has apologized for selling a striped T-shirt bearing a yellow star that drew criticism for its resemblance to uniforms worn by Jewish concentration camp inmates.
The U.S.
Cairo (CNN) -- A car bomb apparently targeting the Egyptian interior minister's motorcade exploded in eastern Cairo Thursday, leaving four people injured, state media reported.
The interior minister, Mohammed Ibrahim, is safe, according to the state-run Al-Ahram newspaper.
London (CNN) -- The euro club has suffered major shockwaves but its newest member has emerged as a shining economic light.
President Barack Obama, former President Bill Clinton, Vice President Joe Biden, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell were among the mourners who gathered at a memorial service in Charleston for the veteran legislator.
The jubilant air around Gleneagles confirmed that few in blue considered an upset feasible, 2010 U.S.
ISIS has been defined as the wealthiest terrorist group on record, using a combination of black market oil sales, extortion and sophisticated social media to raise money to fund its expansion into Iraq and Syria, according to the U.S.
Gibbs said he will remain in the Washington area as a pundit, supporting White House positions on cable television and in speeches.
(EW.com) -- E.L.
15 J.K.
It was the latest staff move by Team Rand, which also recently hired Republican strategist Chris LaCivita, who helped embattled Sen.
For years, when such blasts occurred, Brig.
And so it goes with Sen.
Fontaine was a teenager when she began her acting career as Joan Burfield in the 1935 film "No More Ladies."
Eleven state legislatures have considered repealing the death penalty this year.
In the latest controversy during the network's highly rated Summer Olympics coverage, NBC ran a "Today" show promo on Monday night that revealed the outcome of the heavily anticipated 100-meter backstroke before the event was actually telecast.
Inspector General of Police Khalid Abu Bakar said authorities have already recorded more than 170 statements and will interview more people for the Flight 370 probe, the Journal said.
Now the Hard Rock Cafe is aggressively expanding in Asia and the Middle East with plans for hotels in Abu Dhabi and a cafe in Doha.
Beam's lovely voice anchors melodies of crystalline clarity and unshakable catchiness.
On "Me and Lazarus," Beam seems to poke fun at his own minor celebrity: "Never made the local news/Guess I had nowhere else to go."
Australia is currently a constitutional monarchy with the British monarch as its head of state.
Verizon's LTE network is currently the largest in terms of nationwide coverage, but AT&T's is set to rival it as it expands.
Sprint will begin rolling out its 4G LTE network in mid to late 2012.
And it was for these reasons the sport has played such a powerful role in shaping the Brazilian national identity after it became independent in 1822.
"The Wolverine" director James Mangold is in talks with the studio to write a treatment and longtime X-Men producer Lauren Shuler Donner will collaborate again, as Deadline reported.
"The Wolverine" was a modest blockbuster in the U.S. this summer, but it earned more than twice as much abroad and grossed more than $413 million altogether.
Making a titanic appearance on the rostrum of the Assembly will be actor Leonardo DiCaprio, an environmental activist and named last week as a U.N.
(CNN) -- The controversial pitch at the new Wembley stadium is to be dug up immediately.
St.
The recruits had just completed a nine-month training program when the attackers struck.
It's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice.
(CNN) -- Japan's new prime minister on Friday offered the world a vision of his country as a reinvigorated Asian power, pledging to restore its influence in a region where it is increasingly eclipsed by China.
Kilpatrick spent 100 days in jail as part of a plea agreement connected to a sex scandal that rocked Detroit and caused the city council and governor of Michigan to push to impeach him.
Kilpatrick pleaded guilty in September to two felony counts of obstruction of justice stemming from his efforts to cover up an extramarital affair.
(EW.com) -- On "A Very She & Him Christmas," professionally adorkable "New Girl" star Zooey Deschanel reunites with Portland folkie M.
The self-penned ''Christmas Day,'' with its gingerbread-spicy surf licks, is sweet enough to cure an eggnog hangover.
More than 24 million passengers are expected to fly in the U.S. during the Thanksgiving holiday which runs from November 16 through the 27.
We also get our first glimpse of the villainous Dr.
O'Neal was arrested on charges of bringing narcotics to a jail facility and possessing a controlled substance, Whitmore said.
It was not clear whether O'Neal posted bail, which was set at $25,000.
The results are based on a national telephone survey of more than 78,000 parents of children ages 3 to 17.iReport.com: How has autism affected your family?
The Americans did not appear for trial and are not in custody, but the ruling could effectively make them international fugitives.
Gen.
Congolese forces have been battling Rwandan Hutu rebels who fled to Congo after participating in a Rwandan genocide that left at least 800,000 people dead.
Mary felt "broken" without Del, who had helped her raise two children from her first marriage and supported her through the deaths of her parents and sister.
The Jackson story was off the Sun's online front page by Monday evening.
Camp Pendleton's commanding officer ordered charges dropped against Capt.
Dangerously cold conditions continue to grip a large part of the Eastern United States, CNN meteorologists said, with more than 125 million Americans under a wind chill warning or advisory.
Additionally, Ford's SYNC now includes a 911 Assist enhancement that will place a call to a local emergency operator in the event of an air bag deployment incident.
Who's Germany?
But U.S.
Crittenton, who is currently listed as inactive on the Wizards' roster and has not played a game all season, agreed with prosecutors that the incident stemmed from an angry exchange with teammate Gilbert Arenas following arguments over a card game.
One person remained unaccounted for Thursday evening, Bozeman Assistant City Manager Chuck Winn said.
In a new "Experimental Forum Build" of the app for Windows, Mac and Linux, photos and videos will be slurped up from any memory card or camera connected to the computer.
This feature also adds complexity to the Dropbox application itself, when it's already pretty easy to have a third-party app store selected photos inside your Dropbox folder.
Linda Carty, 51, recorded her message this week from the prison in Gatesville, where she is serving her sentence, as part of an effort to win clemency.
The Infiniti Bar is the marquee attraction at the upscale Grace Bay Club resort and is the Caribbean's longest bar at 90 feet, according to the resort.
The airport insists that the incident was not a security breach.
The United Nations has estimated 780,000 people will be living with the AIDS virus in China by the end of this year and more than half of them are unaware of their condition.
The festival of screams includes the third installment of "The Walking Dead" airing 9 p.m.
The album will be his first solo record since 2010's "Recovery," and the new record will be the followup to "Hell The Sequel," the debut from his collaborative project with Royce da 5'9", Bad Meets Evil.
During his chat with Rosenberg, Eminem also confirmed that Slaughterhouse will play Hot 97's Summer Jam, which takes place June 3 at MetLife Stadium.
A U.N.
The authority to refer a country to the ICC lies only with the U.N.
$41,000!
Nearly 180,000 people, mainly foreign workers, have fled to the neighboring nations of Tunisia and Egypt amid fighting between government troops and rebels pushing to oust longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi, the U.N.
Earlier this month, Madoff's son Mark Madoff committed suicide in his Manhattan apartment two years to the day after his father was arrested for swindling $50 billion from investors in the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history.
Emergency crews rescued hundreds of other people who were trapped by the rock slides, which happened mainly along the Suhua Highway, in northeast Taiwan.
(CNN) -- World number one Rafael Nadal says 2010 has been a dream year so far, after the Spaniard recovered from a knee injury in 2009 to reclaim his French Open and Wimbledon crowns, and the world number one ranking.
(CNN) -- Prominent Chicago defense lawyer Ed Genson said Friday he intends to resign as attorney for embattled Illinois Gov.
(CNN) -- Britain's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge leave Britain on their three-week visit to New Zealand and Australia this weekend with their baby son Prince George.
HONG KONG, China (CNN) -- Unilever is recalling four batches of Lipton Milk Tea sold in Hong Kong and Macau after finding traces of the chemical melamine in the product, the company said Tuesday.
U.S.
Deemed by many as the "Lion of the Senate," Kennedy was considered one of the most effective legislators of the past few decades, especially in his ability to cross party lines to get legislation passed.
"It's just how my brain is wired.
CNN called the race for her Republican opponent Rep.
Outgoing Iowa Democratic Sen.
Berkin died in an Istanbul hospital this week, nine months after he was critically wounded, apparently by a tear gas canister fired by riot police.
In a floor speech Monday, Sen.
A leading senator is urging the Supreme Court to "do the right thing" and uphold the constitutionality of the sweeping health care reform law championed by President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats.
Invitations were extended to the heads of all eight countries in the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation, which includes Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, the Indian external affairs ministry said.
Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia are at the center of an Ebola outbreak that has already killed more than 800 people.
"If it falls, you probably killed the hatchling that's developing inside," said Patrick, a biologist with the U.S.
Goal-line technology (GLT) was successfully trialled at last year's Club World Cup in Japan and will be used at the Confederations Cup in Brazil this June ahead of the 2014 World Cup in the same country, FIFA said Tuesday.
"Hamilton's Great Adventure THD" (FatShark) -- It's perhaps the best example of a console-quality game gone portable since this literally started as a downloadable PC and PlayStation 3 cooperative puzzle game.
"Zombie Driver THD" (Exor Studios) -- Zombies remain a hot genre for gaming, and this overhead-perspective horror game puts players behind the wheel of one of 13 different vehicles, including a firetruck and a bulldozer.
Meanwhile, Roma captain Francesco Totti has undergone surgery on his right knee.
The checkpoint was part of the NATO supply routes transporting goods from the port city of Karachi through Pakistan's northwestern region and tribal areas into Afghanistan.
The city's fashionable heart is the corner of Oxford Street and Glenmore Road, in Paddington, where some of the most exciting Australian designers are conveniently clustered.
The legislative branch of the U.S. government is responsible for interpreting the country's laws.
In May, the administration proposed $17 billion in cuts from the more than $3.4 trillion in spending approved for next year.
At the time, U.N.
(Financial Times) -- India's weakening economy grew 6.1 per cent in the quarter to the end of December, the slowest in three years, deepening fears about the country's growth prospects.
Most recently, Republican candidate Chris McDaniel in Mississippi gained more votes than longtime Republican Sen.
Accomplices of the three inmates hijacked a helicopter and forced the pilot to land in the prison courtyard, Interpol said.
(CNN) -- Tens of thousands of Congolese refugees fled camps Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo as rebel troops attacked government forces in the area, the U.N.
Fitness trainer David Kirsch started working with Upton in August to prepare for the December photo shoot.
The festival, now in its 18th year, also unveiled the rest of its line-up.
Chelsea Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison in 2013 for leaking 750,000 pages of classified documents to the anti-secrecy group.
At the time, Manning went by the first name Bradley, but later announced the desire to live as a woman and be known as Chelsea.
Manning has stayed out of the limelight since the conviction, which spared the former intelligence analyst from the most serious charge of aiding the enemy.
All five are from the Los Angeles area and are being charged with three felonies -- including two arson-related charges.
While "The Secret Circle" hasn't been at all secretive about the dark turns the series will take, ABC Family's "Pretty Little Liars" inched up the creep factor throughout its two seasons.
Meredith was the first black student admitted to Ole Miss, which is in Oxford.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The man charged with murder in the shooting death of a guard at the U.S.
Spain's economic crisis is in its sixth straight year yet tourism, worth 11% of GDP, is holding its own, one of the few bright spots on a bleak horizon.
Spain's tourism sector has recovered from a 9% drop -- a loss of five million tourists -- at the height of the crisis in 2009.
Hoppie is not the first California sea lion to swim up the San Joaquin River channel, according to The Marine Mammal Center.
(CNN) -- U.S. ski star Mikaela Shiffrin underlined her status as the best slalom racer on the World Cup circuit in Finland Saturday then landed the prize of her childhood dreams -- a reindeer!
Hammon, a six-time WNBA All-Star, announced July 23 she will retire as a player at the end of this season.
Hammon is not the first woman in NBA history on an NBA coaching staff.
Mustafa Guyton, 29, is accused of aggravated assault after he allegedly kicked and stomped the 33-year-old man in Philadelphia's Southwest Germantown neighborhood, a police news release says.
$1.2 trillion - Total amount of the potential sequestration cuts, over 10 years.
The continent has an acute shortage of experts such as oncologists, and lacks infrastructure and data to combat the disease, exacerbating the concern.
Photographs from the scene show Hillmann on the pavement, on his back, when the bull's horn goes into his leg.
In an operation that started Monday, more than 1,900 U.S. citizens and their family members have been evacuated from Egypt, Crowley said, adding that further evacuations would take place Thursday.
Do you know a hero?
(CNN) -- CNN iReporters documented some of the biggest global weather stories of the year, and captured some amazing photos in the process.
Days of heavy rain had triggered flash floods and landslides around Machu Picchu, the ruins of an Incan settlement in southern Peru's Andes Mountains.
Saliva spreads molecules to the taste receptors on the tongue so you can tell whether something is salty, sour, sweet or spicy, Dominy said.
Four years ago, director J.J.
China's Communist Party implemented the one-child rule three decades ago, amid fears that the country would not be able to feed a skyrocketing population.
Sex-specific abortions have led to a large male population born since the 1980s, the China Daily newspaper said, citing a study conducted by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
The policy has curbed population growth, and has led to forced sterilization in some parts of the country, the U.S.
Turnout is expected to be high among the country's 3 million registered voters.
With 48 deaths, August was the deadliest month for U.S. service members in Afghanistan since the mission began in late 2001.
(CNN) -- Spain striker Fernando Torres may not be fit for the start of the World Cup, according to his English club Liverpool.
In the women's event, Italy's Flavia Pennetta defeated World No.3 Agnieszka Radwanska 6-2, 6-1 to win the biggest title of her career.
The KIO is the only one of 10 armed ethnic groups in Myanmar that hasn't yet agreed a long-term ceasefire with the government.
The Special Olympics has grown from that small camp into a global organization that helps 3 million athletes with Down syndrome, autism and other intellectual disabilities compete for medals in an array of sports.
Now, StatCounter's numbers, based on an analysis of 15 billion page views in May 2010, indicate that IE6 usage in the U.S. has fallen to 4.7 percent from 11.5 percent in the last 12 months, meaning that IE6 is finally becoming a footnote in the history of the Internet.
For years, IE6 caused headaches for developers and prompted many users to switch to alternative browsers.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The U.S.
After conservative Christian group One Million Moms railed against J.C.
After conservative Christian group One Million Moms railed against J.C.
Since yesterday, a group called 1 Million People Who Support Ellen for J.C.
Hamilton had served the U.S.
According to data from the National Alliance for Caregiving, an estimated 65 million people in the U.S. are unpaid family caregivers.
Give generously of your spirit.
(CNN) -- Army Sgt.
The Minnesota government was forced to shut down Friday for the second time in six years after lawmakers failed to reach a budget agreement before a midnight Thursday deadline.
(CNN) -- Ingrid Betancourt has been reunited with her children for the first time in six years since her abduction by FARC rebels in Colombia.
(CNN) -- This month, Inside the Middle East journeys to Israel and the Palestinian Territories.
Millions of tourists visit Jerusalem each year, but for some, the experience triggers overwhelming emotions - that could even land you in a hospital.
In the 1980s, she was the youngest ever commissioner of the U.S.
According to the U.S. and South Korean governments, North Korea launched three projectiles from its southeastern coast.
The crisis, which escalated after President Jose Manuel Zelaya was ousted in a coup last June, has split the international community now that a new president has been elected.
No independent confirmation of the claim was immediately available.
Wednesday, and California Gov.
The decision, written in September but made public last Friday, found the Act's prohibition of wagers via telecommunications crossing state lines or international borders refers only to bets on a "sporting event or contest" and not to lottery tickets sold online.
Former President George W.
(CNN) -- Dr.
(CNN) -- Dr.
Mandela was born in 1918 in the South African village Qunu.
"The school has not eliminated its pregnancy policy at this time," said Chris Broussard, a spokesman for the Delhi Charter School.
The riots in July were prompted by long-simmering resentment between minority Uyghurs and majority Han Chinese.
The unrest continued in August when Uyghurs were accused of attacking Han Chinese with syringes filled with different substances.
The product -- remberTM -- is the first drug to act on the "tangles" discovered by Alois Alzheimer over a century ago.
If further trials prove successful, the drug could be available by 2012.
The alleged thefts took place on board the aircraft during the loading and unloading of baggage, police said.
Patton, 20, played Will Horton for a year on NBC's "Days of Our Lives, according to his Internet Movie Database biography.
Norovirus infects many people on land, but health officials track it on cruise ships, leading to more frequent reporting of cases, the CDC said.
Workers at Fukushima Daiichi have been struggling to keep the reactors from overheating for four weeks, pouring tons of fresh water an hour into the reactors and trying to contain the spread of radioactive contamination that has been pouring out.
On the West Coast, a storm was rolling into the area between Seattle and San Francisco, with the brunt heading into Northern California, according to CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano.
The "person" appears to be wearing an old-style greenish ruff around the neck.
Aitchison insists he did not tamper with the image and cannot explain it.
The letters, which cannot be appealed, effectively end the officers' careers as they will prevent promotion, said Navy spokesman Capt.
(CNN) -- The full U.S.
Dr.
(CNN) -- Cambodia and Thailand have agreed to redeploy some troops away from the site of a border temple at the center of a tense military standoff in its second week.
Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and gradually built up their numbers.
The latest in the franchise from Naughty Dog, "Uncharted 3" returns to follow hero Nathan Drake on yet another historical adventure that promises fortune and glory but invariably involves a lot of danger.
(CNN) -- Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz will introduce President Obama at the party's Women's Leadership Forum on Friday, a well-placed Democratic source says.
U.N.
It was Prince Charles's first visit to the Vatican since he went to the funeral of Pope John Paul II four years ago, and his first meeting with a head of the Roman Catholic Church since 1985.
Authorities are trying to determine how the militants gained access to the sleeping quarters.
One woman died near Rome early Thursday when her car was submerged by a wave of water and mud in an underpass.
Roberto founded the National Front for the Liberation of Angola (FNLA) in the early 1960s and presided over the party until his death at age 84, the Jornal de Angola said.
The world No.
Do you know a hero?
She is survived by her husband, two sons and five grandchildren.
Nobel Prize for Economics - Hear how one professor made history by winning the Nobel Economics Prize.
European Trip - Learn why Secretary of State Clinton is talking up the U.S.-U.K.
South Africa 2010 - Find out how South Africa is preparing for its time in the soccer spotlight.
(CNN) -- The European football transfer window has finally closed for the summer after a typically frantic last day's activity.
Confirmed 1705 GMT: Ghana's Asamoah Gyan signs for English Premier League side Sunderland for a $20 million club record fee from Rennes.
The two countries have veto power when it comes to U.N.
"It's true [that I won't be in the sequel]," said Segel, "but it's totally amicable.
RootMetrics performed an extensive study to determine how each network's 4G speeds are holding up to their claims.
And Verizon's average upload speeds were faster than every other carrier's average download speeds by 37 percent.
The Sundance Film Festival runs January 17-24 in Park City, Utah.
However, Hollywood star Samuel L.
But starting today, users can activate HTTPS permanently by going to their settings and selecting "Always use HTTPS."
Woods' decision means he will not defend the title he won in 2012.
Barcelona, Spain (CNN) -- Catalonia became the first Spanish mainland region to ban bullfighting after its parliament voted Wednesday to outlaw the tradition on animal cruelty grounds.
It has wings devoted to religious, military, political and security activities.
Others though, like Rouiller, say that while online material can put an individual onto the wrong track, ultimately there is almost always a terrorist "mentor" who plays a key role in pushing someone towards violence and that mentoring almost always takes place face-to-face, in somewhere like a mosque, high school or university.
After all, the Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) received $20 billion of U.S. money between 2005 and 2012 -- for equipment, bases and training.
invasion of Iraq in 2003; Iraq's military is starting over -- for the second or third time in a decade.
(CNN) -- A teenage girl and her boyfriend were allegedly offered half a million dollars to keep quiet or flee the country to avoid testifying in an upcoming child sex abuse case against the girl's former therapist in Brooklyn's ultra-Orthodox Jewish community, according to prosecutors.
Four men were charged Thursday with bribery, coercion and trying to impede the prosecution of Nechemya Weberman, 53, who's pleaded not guilty to sexually abusing the girl since she was 12.
• Catherine is expected to give birth at the private Lindo wing of St.
The FAA plans to hold a symposium on fatigue management next week with representatives from the aviation industry.
The East African island, perched placidly off Kenya's coast, is home to one of the oldest continuously inhabited Swahili towns -- an ethnic group in East Africa who have lived here for more than 700 years.
There are no cars on the island -- the streets are too narrow and winding.
Instead, locals rely on donkeys for transport on the land, and dhows to travel throughout the archipelago.
(CNN) -- Courtney Cash, the grandniece of musician Johnny Cash, was found dead in a box in her home in Tennessee, and a friend is charged in her death, according to Putnam County sheriff's officials.
Young students like Chen are the future of the Chinese Communist Party, which now is the largest political party in the world with 75 million members.
(CNN) -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government and the opposition demanded independent investigations Wednesday into countering accusations of the use of chemical weapons, allegations that prompted most members of the U.N.
This week's military operation has resulted in more than 180 militant casualties since Sunday, while the military has suffered one death and one injury, according to Abbas.
Dr.
The Korean Air executive who delayed a flight over a bag of macadamia nuts may face legal action after South Korea's transportation ministry said on Tuesday it had filed a complaint to prosecutors.
The Korean Air executive who delayed a flight over a bag of macadamia nuts may face legal action after South Korea's transportation ministry said on Tuesday it had filed a complaint to prosecutors.
Twenty-seven minors, including one boy, were among the victims, the U.N. said Friday.
The children were among 240 people raped by Rwandan and Congolese rebels who raided villages in North Kivu province between July 30 and August 3, aid groups said.
"That's all I do," says Oklahoma City Thunder forward Kevin Durant.
NBA fans will have a choice of simulation games next season when "NBA Live 13" tips off against "NBA 2K13."
"Our children are not criminals.
West said he and his companions were only able to leave the devastation through the kindness of Japanese people they encountered along their journey and who they could just barely communicate with.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A drunk passenger who tried to set the curtains of a Boeing 767 on fire during a trans-Atlantic flight is in custody in Vienna, Austria, the Transportation Security Administration said Thursday.
Lensky was handed over to authorities in Vienna when the flight landed.
Pumpkin pie became a popular dish on 17th-century American tables, though, and it might have shown up for Thanksgiving as early as the second celebration of the holiday in 1623.
China's U.N. ambassador said his country is concerned about deteriorating conditions in Libya but didn't say whether Beijing backs a no-fly measure.
More than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped in northern Nigeria in April by Boko Haram, in an act that drew international condemnation.
Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, announced Thursday's filing of an amended civil complaint seeking forfeiture of the Alavi Foundation's interest in the 36-story office tower located on Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan.
The number of U.S.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- London police have arrested a man in connection with a brazen daylight robbery of a jewelry store last week, they announced Wednesday.
A total of 43 items were taken, with a value of about £40 million, or about $65 million, Scotland Yard said.
Both the AFL-CIO and SEIU are lobbying for an easier path to citizenship than was proposed by the 2007 effort.
From Petra, the red-hued city carved into the rock of southern Jordan's dramatic desert to the old walled city of Shibam in Yemen and the beautifully preserved Roman ruins of Baalbek in Lebanon, Inside the Middle East chooses 10 of the region's must-visit historical sites.
He admitted letting between 80 to 165 people illegally cross into the U.S. from January 2009 until May 2011.
Guerrero and his cohorts received bribes ranging from $500 to $3,000 per person.
When will we reach a day when we don't have to refer to crimes in racial terms?
George W.
China last year overtook the United States as the world's largest consumer of energy.
The U.N.
Their opponents say the cost of those jobs -- to the environment, the people and the future -- is just too high.
Since Tuesday, engineers have been inside the One57 building on West 57th Street, where gale force winds toppled a crane boom some 90 stories above the city.
"She is in no danger and she's going to be just fine," Bill and Diane Locklear said in a statement issued by Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 in the waters off the coast of Somalia in 2008, according to the International Maritime Bureau.
While the company has expanded far beyond its Windows roots, Windows and Office remain the engine driving the vast majority of the company's profits even as it looks to cell phones, search, and online services to augment its mainstay businesses.
Bhutto wrote the e-mail on October 26, eight days after at least 130 people were killed and hundreds more wounded in Karachi by the suicide bombing that occurred as Bhutto's motorcade passed.
Bhutto was concerned the problem was worsening as the January elections neared, Siegel said.
A hurricane warning --meaning winds of 74 mph and higher are expected within a day -- is in effect for the U.S.
The Suez Canal is a key waterway for international trade.
Rates at transit hotels vary but are often cheaper than at regular hotels.
One of the most popular transit hotels is at Singapore's Changi, one of the world's busiest airports and a frequent layover spot for flights to and from Asia.
Over the past two decades, food waste and obesity have nearly doubled at equal rates.
In Toronto, Canada more than 17.5 million kilograms of food is thrown out every month and in Britain, the government's Waste & Resources Action Programme estimates that $17.5 billion worth of food is wasted every year.
A recent study shows 50 percent of all food produced on the planet goes in the trash.
New York Gov.
JENA, Louisiana (CNN) -- Charges against Bryant Purvis, one of the six black students accused of being involved in beating a white student, were reduced to second degree aggravated battery during his arraignment Wednesday morning.
Both women pay for all of their clothes themselves and receive no clothing allowance, according to spokeswomen for both sides.
"We are interrogating him," Chavez said at a campaign event Thursday.
(CNN) -- A 22-year-old woman was hospitalized after she fell down an elevator shaft at Fenway Park in Boston late Friday, authorities said.
FIFA now boasts more than 200 member states -- more than the United Nations.
The six-piece 2-tone outfit originally from the English Midlands played a total of five dates at what is now the O2 Academy, such was the phenomenal demand for tickets.
He declined to illuminate how much Moss will be appearing in the show's sixth season, let alone in what capacity she would be on the show.
Posted to a T-Mobile message board this morning, one user's feelings nail the sentiment among consumers following Wednesday's announcement that the Justice Department is suing to block AT&T's proposed acquisition of the Deutsche-Telekom--owned wireless network.
In the past year, T-Mobile has seen a steady decline in profits as T-Mobile customer contracts have been reduced by nearly a million subscribers.
Russia's Defense Ministry said Tuesday that there was no violation of flight regulations during the incident.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- American fighter jets intercepted two Russian bombers, one of which buzzed a U.S. aircraft carrier in the western Pacific on Saturday, U.S. military officials told CNN Monday.
But locals still hold firm to their conviction that Baldwin Street in Dunedin, New Zealand, holds the Guinness World Record for being the steepest street in the world, with a 38% grade at its steepest section.
The new rifles are designed to handle the greater rate of use and last twice as long.
His famed Lurssen shipyard in Bremen will soon unleash the world's longest mega yacht, codenamed Project Azzam.
(CNN) -- American taxpayers have forked over around half a trillion dollars to U.S. intelligence services since the 9/11 attacks, yet nearly a decade after al Qaeda assaults on New York and Washington, the American intelligence community still cannot answer the most basic of questions:
Hooper's neighborhood loving the show, having seen seven stage productions and named your cat Gavroche after the urchin who hitches his fate to those of grown-up revolutionaries, well, you're in for a gobsmacking: This ''prestige'' production is at heart a minor road-show carnival, leaving behind little but tinsel as it rumbles through the streets of Awardstown.
Sacha Baron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter mug and prance as the comic-relief grifters Thénardier and his missus, outfitted in what has become de rigueur for both BCs — Pétrouchka makeup and prosthetically grungy teeth.
Amanda Seyfried and Eddie Redmayne play the young lovers Cosette (Fantine's muppet daughter, raised by Valjean) and the boy-band-styled student revolutionary Marius like lab rats, their pale faces and lashless eyelids often observed in the merciless close-up that is one of Hooper's mix-it-up signature shots.
Kazemi became the first Iranian ever to be drafted by an NBA team in June.
"Every time I interact with her, there's something quite inspiring," he said.
In the year since it launched, Brit + Co. has created tons of step-by-step posts, filmed how-to videos staring Brit, brought in user-generated projects and started selling merchandise such as crafting starter kits, books and subscription boxes called Brit Kits.
In light of the swine flu, the U.S.
He won two BET Awards in 2007 and four Grammy Awards in 2009.
Nelson was Gov.
His last role was in "Runaway Jury," a 2003 film starring Dustin Hoffman, John Cusack and Gene Hackman.
At Sunday night's premiere of "Gravity," Sandra Bullock said she felt she didn't deserve the Oscar when she won it for "The Blind Side" three years ago — and now her performance as an astronaut stranded in orbit when space debris demolishes her shuttle could win her another one.
On Sunday, aged 18, Franklin helped the U.S.
According to the CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll, 51 percent of Americans view foreign trade as a threat to the economy -- the first time in a CNN poll that a majority of Americans report holding negative views on free trade.
China defended the execution in a statement issued by the Chinese Embassy in London.
The British Film Institute is about to release the full 144-minute version of The Shining -- 24 minutes more than previously seen in Europe.
The teens testified only after Lipps, who is presiding over the trial without a jury, granted them immunity from prosecution.
A large part of the U.S.
Voters in Michigan, Missouri and Washington also voted Tuesday in their respective state's primary contest.
Former Gov.
(Rolling Stone) -- Against Me!
Officials in Japan may have consistently told people that radiation levels pose no risk to health, but few here are willing to bet their life on that.
In math, U.S. high schoolers were in the bottom quarter of the countries that participated, trailing countries including Finland, China and Estonia.
Moreover, ICSR estimates that as many as 11,000 foreign fighters overall may have fought in Syria, from more than 70 countries, a number which is reported to be a higher concentration than anywhere since Afghanistan in the 1980s.
Rivers had been on life support at Manhattan's Mount Sinai hospital, where she was taken after she stopped breathing at the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic on August 28.
A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags in a valley not far to the south of Kabul, the Afghan capital.
Brazilian media is calling it "the trial of the century."
(CNN) -- Cases of West Nile virus are up 25% over the past week and are expected to rise further over the next several weeks, the U.S.
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia were able to see at least parts of the event, but it wasn't visible in Greenland, Iceland, Europe, Africa or the Middle East.
One company seeking to tap this demand is German-based KUKA Robotics, which is setting up a regional hub in the country.
"This is too horrible to contemplate.
Flanked by about a dozen retired Navy SEALs at a news conference near the Capitol, Rep.
(CNN) -- American contractor Alan P.
If found guilty, Lopez could face nearly 14 years in prison.
And ISIS has made it clear it plans to send fighters to Europe, once western forces are, in its words, "defeated" in Iraq and Syria.
"What's the definition of a child?" asked Justice Samuel Alito, trying to draw a constitutionally acceptable line on mandatory sentences for underage murderers.
The cover has a bearded and turbaned cartoon figure of the Prophet Mohammed saying "100 lashes if you're not dying of laughter."
While still relatively rare -- one advocate estimates that 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered -- the idea of changing gender identity has become more widespread in recent years.
Doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity, but no one has determined what in the biological makeup determines that gender.
(Financial Times) -- Eurozone finance ministers are eyeing a plan that would rapidly cut Greece's debt mountain in the early part of the next decade in an attempt to secure International Monetary Fund approval for an extended bailout for Athens.
The deal would involve a political fix to reset Athens' long-term debt target to after 2020.
Killings and arson attacks between ethnic Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims first erupted in Myanmar's Rakhine State in June 2012, and were followed in October by well-coordinated attacks on Rohingya populations.
More than 125,000 Rohingya were forced into dozens of internally displaced camps while tens of thousands of others fled the country, launching Southeast Asia's newest refugee crisis.
Republican Gov.
"It's 100% we're off!
Like good wine, tea's final flavor is influenced heavily by terroir -- the microclimate in which it's grown.
On February 10, more than 2000 people protested against the Syrian regime in Dubai.
As the demonstrators didn't have a permit to protest, Dubai police asked them to leave.
At the same time, we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens.
Among the defendants named in the suit are current and former Defense and Navy secretaries and Marine Corps commandants.
Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years, according to her attorney, Andrew Spinnell.
Experts aren't sure what's behind the increase in earlier puberty, but it's likely due to a combination of factors, including the childhood obesity epidemic and substances in the environment.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Allen St.
So much so that Waldorf started a software consulting company before he even began high school.
Struggling Spanish club Villarreal sacked coach Juan Carlos Garrido after exiting the Copa del Rey at the hands of third division Mirandes, losing 2-0 on Wednesday for a 3-1 aggregate defeat.
Italy is a major gateway into Europe for migrants who come by sea from North Africa in hope of reaching EU soil.
The world's most popular online video service now sees itself as a descendent of cable TV, with millions of channels rather than hundreds -- and it's doing its darndest to encourage you to use it that way.
But YouTube is also making it easier to post videos on Facebook and Twitter, too.
(CNN) -- AC Milan and Roma played out a goalless draw in Italy's Serie A in a result which does little to enhance the title ambitions of neither side.
In Saturday's other game Juventus moved back into the top four in Serie A thanks to a narrow 2-1 victory over Fiorentina at the Stadio Artemio Franchi.
The National Weather Service warned that the Mississippi River was expected to crest at nearly 26 feet at Burlington, Iowa, on Wednesday.
Apple's share price plunged 3.57% to $501.75 -- its lowest point in 11 months -- continuing its slide from September 19 when the company's share price hit an all-time high of $702.10.
The military had surrounded the soldier, identified as Sgt.
Senate Democratic leaders announced the delay because of a filibuster spearheaded by Sens.
London (CNN) -- Mahdi Hashi came to Britain with his family as a six-year-old, fleeing the civil war in Somalia.
The monks brewed the high-gravity beers to provide liquid nourishment while they fasted for the 40 days of Lent.
A White House spokesman would neither confirm nor deny the option is being considered.
But a child shot in the face still causes doctors to jolt.
He had a mastectomy but kept his female reproductive organs when he underwent a sex change in the late 1990s.
Early estimates show that J.J.
The boys' relatives blame the Israeli military for the killings.
(CNN) -- Suspected killer Marine Cpl.
In unusually harsh language, he accused the NRA and its allies of spreading lies about the compromise drafted by Democratic Sen.
And Carly Simon smartly plays ''Just Like a Woman'' as a feminist ballad.
The savviest musicians here flip Dylan's messages for their own aims, just as Dylan reappropriated protest songs by civil rights heroes.
(CNN) -- Federal authorities have filed a civil complaint seeking the forfeiture of a stolen dinosaur skeleton and its return to Mongolia, according to the U.S.
Both eBay and Craigslist took steps Monday to thwart the ticket sellers.
But CNN has obtained some of the names of those subpoenaed, including top current and former Christie administration officials.
The passengers were pilgrims going to Muktinath -- a holy site for both Hindus and Buddhists -- in western Nepal near the Chinese border.
Kayla Allen was wounded April 12 when her father opened fire on the family, killing Kayla's mother and sister.
To the disappointment of gossip columnists around the world, the young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away on fast cars, drink and celebrity parties.
Radcliffe's earnings from the first five Potter films have been held in a trust fund which he has not been able to touch.
(CNN) -- It's hard to believe that "The Cosby Show" premiered 30 years ago this month.
"India isn't emerging.
The suit was brought by the two Nashville residents, who are African-American, after they applied to be on "The Bachelor" in 2011.
The complaint also alleges that few people of color are chosen to compete for the affection of the "Bachelor" or "Bachelorette," and when there are, they tend to be eliminated early.
Likourentzos said the healthcare system is 2 billion euros [$2.6 billion] in debt.
Greece spends 11 billion euros ($14.4 billion) annually on its healthcare system -- taking up 5.5% of the country's total economic output.
"Man on a Ledge" underwhelmed with $8.3 million -- enough for fifth place.
If convicted on the top count of enterprise corruption, all could face up to 25 years in prison, Cuomo's office said.
Experts who monitor hate groups like the KKK say the results of their efforts yield little fruit, as their ranks are as thin as they've ever been.
Some of the children are as young as 11, the officials said.
Reiss, 24, is the second French woman facing charges as part of mass trials in Iran who was released on bond.
"We are starting to see a lot of politicians talking a lot and not doing much," Obama told an enthusiastic crowd at Prince George's Community College in Largo, Maryland.
New York St.
No matter the cost of the measures urged in the sweeping bill, "that is the cost of war," Democratic Sen.
I half-expect the next installment to be renamed "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn--Part 2: The Finale--2 Love or 2 Die") grossed $62.3 million over the Wednesday-to-Sunday period, with $42 million of that coming in over the regular three-day frame.
Disney's $40 million reboot "The Muppets" debuted in second place with a strong $42.3 million.
In fourth, Sony's Aardman-produced 3-D animation "Arthur Christmas" unwrapped a fairly lackluster $17 million in its first five days ($12.7 million over three days).
You'll continue to burn fat after your jog: People who run for at least four hours a week melt more calories than non-runners, even when they're not running, a Yale University School of Medicine study reports.
Downing five 5-ounce cups of green tea a day boosts metabolism, says Lyssie Lakatos, R.D., author of "Fire Up Your Metabolism."
Vitamin C can help you burn more fat, and D may help you lose fat, research notes.
Your body may not digest food -- and burn fat -- as efficiently if you down a huge meal right before bedtime, especially because your metabolism is slower while you sleep, Dr.
Across the Middle East, Muslims are observing the holy month of Ramadan.
From the UAE to Turkey, MME takes a look at how Ramadan is affecting businesses.
(CNN) -- Japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in Iraq by the end of the year, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Thursday.
The Japanese Navy continues to take part in refueling missions in support of the U.S.-led coalition in and around Afghanistan.
The new app, created in conjunction with Homeland Security Investigations' Cyber Crime Center, lets users submit a tip by phone or by filling out a tip form in the app.
Howard K.
Here are what my top five priorities would be if I were in Steve Jobs' shoes:
(CNN) -- Little more than a year after he resigned in disgrace as prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi is campaigning to win his old job back -- for the fourth time.
The eurozone's third largest economy is hurting, with unemployment surpassing 11% -- and hitting 37% for young people.
The bill originally failed to gain approval because of a Democratic filibuster led by state Sen.
Jindal said he has been working with local officials to develop cleanup contingency plans, but needs funding approval from BP and authorization from the U.S.
Unique visitors to the site grew 400% from September to December 2011, and just last week one study showed that Pinterest drives more visitors to third-party websites than Google+, YouTube and LinkedIn combined.
Pinterest checks all the boxes: It's a visual social network that organizes images by topic and lets you reshare with just one click.
Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed the 18-year-old in the middle of the day on August 9 after telling Brown and a friend to get out of the street.
It sets five years of eating and farming policy in the United States, including what we grow, what you know about your dinner and how much government spends in the process.
It cuts the food stamp program and increases spending on farmers markets.
Iran's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif met with U.S.
Police arrested 561 people Saturday in the capital of Riyadh, according to the Saudi Press Agency.
Saudi Arabia launched a "security campaign" this month to crack down on workers violating visa rules.
Adam Dandach, 21, of Orange, California, was arrested July 3 and initially charged in a complaint of making false statements on a passport application with plans to fly from Orange County's John Wayne Airport to Istanbul, Turkey, and eventually reach Syria, the FBI said.
(CNN) -- If you can believe it, it's been 25 years since Edward James Olmos portrayed real-life math teacher Jaime Escalante in "Stand and Deliver."
The nonprofit organization has already helped more than 7,000 returning troops find jobs.
The Roots drummer hopes the appearance will convince D'Angelo to finally release his first LP since 2000's "Voodoo."
(CNN) -- Sen.
"Good morning, shooters.
(Financial Times) -- Google is on the verge of unveiling an Ã  la carte subscription service for some of YouTube's specialist video channels, to finance a broader range of content and add a second revenue stream to the digital video market leader.
(Financial Times) -- Google is on the verge of unveiling an Ã  la carte subscription service for some of YouTube's specialist video channels, to finance a broader range of content and add a second revenue stream to the digital video market leader.
Viewers will be able to subscribe to each channel for as little as $1.99 a month.
Most of Canada's 2,500 troops in Afghanistan are in Kandahar as part of the NATO-led mission to stabilize the war-torn country.
The Canadian mission in Afghanistan was to end next February.
Ryanair, Europe's largest budget airline by revenue, declined to comment on the survey on Sunday, but said it had an "unblemished 29-year safety record".
It contacted more than 1,000 captains and first officers at Ryanair -- more than one-third of the total number of pilots at the company.
At least 72 people were killed in the assault by Bodo militants on Tuesday, Singh said.
Nokia and Samsung have both hinted they may release phones with bendable displays in 2012.
ISIS also has strategically run hashtag campaigns to tap into trending topics on Twitter, such as the World Cup and Ebola, which have nothing to do with violent extremism.
Svinafellsjokull lies at the foot of Vatnajokull, said to be the largest glacier outside of polar regions.
The AAP's previous policy statement, published in 1999 and affirmed in 2005, took a more neutral stance on circumcision, noting "potential medical benefits," but saying it's "not essential to the child's current well-being."
(CNN) -- Serbia are through to the semifinals of the world basketball championships in Istanbul after a narrow 92-89 victory over holders and European champions Spain on Wednesday.
The cause of the crash is under investigation, the Navy said.
Perry posed a question to his readers: "Do you see how quickly this could have turned for the worse?"
A relatively small four-ounce cup of store-bought eggnog boasts a whopping 170 calories (half of them from fat), nearly 10 grams of fat, and over 70 mg of cholesterol.
The United States has a list of 59 designated terror groups, but here are the five that have been making news this month.
Girl Scouts are financially responsible for any cookies they order, troop leader Jean Marie Johnson said.
Police from Hayward and Dublin began executing search warrants simultaneously last week on the Garrido property and an adjacent property to which he had access.
World No.
Police have cordoned off the area around the base of the One57 building on West 57th street, as New Yorkers recover from a rare convergence of weather systems that killed at least 15 people across the state.
As gusts of up to 60 mph barreled through New York, the crane was damaged Monday afternoon atop a building that is planned to be among the tallest residential structures in Manhattan, offering views that potentially range from Central Park to the city's Financial District.
UNITED NATIONS (CNN) -- World leaders converge Tuesday in New York to focus on climate change, with the clock ticking down toward a summit this year in Denmark, where a global climate change pact is to be signed.
Leaders are expected to discuss how climate change affects energy, food security, trade, finance and international security, according to the United Nations.
Today Reuters has over 16,900 staff in over 94 countries across the globe, and is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, with 196 bureaux serving approximately 131 countries.
"He understands and says what they have taught him," Delfin Gonzalez told CNN en Español from his Miami home on Wednesday.
Editor's note: Rep.
CNN has invited him to blog on events unfolding in Zimbabwe.
(CNN) -- Bayern Munich have agreed a deal to sign Croatian international striker Ivica Olic from Bundesliga rivals Hamburg, the German champions have revealed on their official Web site fcbayern.de.
Murphy's earning power has steadily declined since his string of '80s hits, including "Trading Places" and "Beverly Hills Cop."
Yes, even though Love was the losing captain as Europe rallied in 2012 in the Miracle at Medinah in Illinois, the 50-year-old will succeed Tom Watson at the 2016 edition at Hazeltine in Minnesota.
Four children in Lake County, Indiana, were sickened by Enterovirus D68 and were treated at University of Chicago Hospital, according to a news release from the Indiana State Department of Health; all four have since been discharged from the hospital.
Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- Thousands packed Havana's Revolution Square on Saturday for International Workers' Day, drawing hordes of Cuban demonstrators, spectators, and trade unionists from around the world -- including the United States and the United Kingdom.
"I am marching for Cuba and for the Cuban revolution," said one Cuban marcher as she passed through the square.
Cuba had billed this year's march as a rebuke to international criticism from Europe and Washington over human rights issues recently bubbling up in the Communist nation.
Suu Kyi, a Nobel peace Prize recipient in 1991, has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arrest for her dogged opposition to authoritarian rule in the nation formerly known as Burma.
The three-time South American player of the year had revealed he was the preferred candidate for an organization called Change FIFA but was struggling to attract support from any of the 208 member countries.
Serbia have also been ordered to play their next two home qualifying games behind closed doors after their fans disrupted the match between the two countries in Genoa on October 12.
The sign at South Forsyth High School may have been meant to celebrate graduation, but struck many as offensive.
The world No.
"I'm good everybody," read a message from Lil Wayne's Twitter account Friday evening.
Saturday night's crash in the desert east of Los Angeles left eight people dead and nine injured when a truck taking part in the 200-mile event crashed into a crowd of spectators along the track.
That was the last bit of news about the project...at least until this weekend, when Peter Farrelly dropped a Twitter-imploding bombshell in the middle of a "Three Stooges" press junket.
"We're getting set to shoot Dumb and Dumber 2 in September," the director told ComingSoon.net.
Now Google hopes to revolutionize the Web address shortening arena with Goo.gl, now available to the public through its website at http://goo.gl.
Google says it is also using special provisions to prevent blind links from leading to malware or dangerous websites.
"I was Oprah before there was Oprah," he once told The Wall Street Journal.
His 1960 biography was called "Confessions of a Happy Man."
(CNN) -- Sir Howard Stringer will step down as Sony CEO and president on April 1, the Japanese electronics giant announced Wednesday.
In a widely expected move, Sony has appointed Kazuo Hirai, currently executive deputy president, to replace Stringer as president and CEO, a company statement said.
At the end of a long, combative day of testimony before the Republican-controlled House Judiciary Committee, California GOP Rep.
Moore was nominated for a best supporting actress Oscar in 1960 for Douglas Sirk's "Imitation of Life."
Lucky strike: The port city of Cape Town is set to benefit from several major sporting events
(CNN) -- Switzerland's Massimo Busacca has been selected to referee Wednesday's Champions League final between Barcelona and Manchester United in Rome on Wednesday -- UEFA have confirmed on their official Web site UEFA.com
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Authorities are investigating reports that disabled children in India were buried up to their necks during this week's solar eclipse as a supposed remedy for their handicaps.
Cameras run about $1,000 each in addition to an annual service fee that covers technical support and other costs.
Giyen Kim, 34, has lost 10 pounds since January 1.
The marathoner was born in what is now South Sudan, which split from Sudan last year after years of conflict between the two that left millions dead.
He does not have a passport for South Sudan, either, and cannot compete for his homeland.
(Ars Technica) -- Google unveiled a new home server called Nexus Q on its Google Play store in the minutes before the company's Google I/O conference in San Francisco began.
Google bills the globe-like device as "the first social streaming player."
The device is priced at $299 and will ship in July (the product page currently shows a 2-3 week ship time).
(CNN) -- Thirty Haitian migrants were dead and dozens of others were rescued after their overloaded sail freighter grounded and capsized off Staniel Cay, Bahamas, the U.S.
FBI bomb technicians and explosives experts found explosives in Reid's shoes.
Reid, a British citizen and convert to Islam, pleaded guilty to all eight counts against him -- including attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, attempted homicide and placing an explosive device on an aircraft.
In December, a group of students at the U.S.
At the U.S.
''Jar of Hearts'' songstress Christina Perri's fantastically opulent ''A Thousand Years'' sets the tone for "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn -- Part 1": stark acoustic strums, cascading strings, and a piercing croon expressing undying adoration.
Don't let the inclusion of a Bruno Mars song (the prettily woozy ''It Will Rain'') fool you into thinking that "Dawn" is a leap into pop-crossover diversity.
He was first reported missing off Jones Beach, New York, on July 28 by his 22-year-old son, Jonathan.
HONG KONG, China (CNN) -- Sarah Palin touched on a host of topics -- including Reaganomics, China and human rights, Tibet, the Asian and U.S.
The company will soon be launching tablets in 20 restaurants on the West coast.
They come loaded with social games and a calculator for check splits and tips.
(CNN) -- A city official in the remote Brazilian Amazon village of Envira told CNN that five members of the Kulina tribe are on the run after being accused of murdering, butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act of cannibalism.
The Maoist insurgency has claimed more than 6,000 lives since the late 1960s.
DENVER, Colorado (CNN) -- Sen.
The transfer of the Morning Glory "went smoothly and as planned," the U.S.
(CNN) -- "Dancing With the Stars" has announced its new lineup of competitors, and at least two of them already know how to go for the gold.
Ronald Cummings is being held on $12,500 bond for the felony charges, the Florida Putnam County Sheriff's Office said.
But astronomers can detect material falling into them when they interfere with other stars.
Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles.
The trial had been scheduled for November 8, 2012.
Congressional leaders are working to merge an $871 billion Senate bill and $1 trillion House bill that differ on several critical details.
(CNN) -- Real Madrid will name Jose Mourinho as their new coach on Monday after the Spanish giants confirmed they had agreed a compensation package with his current club Inter Milan.
(CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo is to play in a special benefit match for the victims of the Madeira floods and mudslides which have claimed the lives of at least 42 people.
Dante Martin, 27, was one of 15 people charged in the 2011 hazing incident.
Developed by researchers at the University of British Columbia's Laboratory for Computational Intelligence, the technology behind Zite can learn your reading habits and personalize content based on your interests.
"It's a combination of semantic- and statistically based machine learning," says CEO Ali Davar, of Zite's content algorithm, the technology of which has been in development for years.
Mathis, a military veteran himself, was seething with anger Thursday as he spoke about the death of Army Staff Sgt.
Saudi officials told CNN the punishment is an integral part of their system of Islamic law, and the only violation that took place at the macabre scene was the illegal filming of the act.
Washington (CNN) -- The State Department has issued a travel alert warning U.S. citizens in South Africa to be aware of increased terrorism risks during the World Cup, which starts June 11.
And, P.J.
Nook Simple Touch's GlowLight is adjustable, via a touch-screen menu selection.
The lawsuit (.pdf), lodged in San Francisco federal court, is at least the fourth challenging the government's wholesale phone surveillance program first disclosed by the Guardian newspaper, which last month began publishing documents leaked to the media outlet by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.
Singer is one of Hollywood's most successful directors and producers, having directed two installments of the "X-Men" film franchise and a Superman movie in the past 15 years.
Sgt.
"We are winning in Mali," French President Francois Hollande said Monday.
Warner Bros. had a much harder time with its release "Shorts" from auteur Robert Rodriguez.
"G.I.
According to the U.S.
According to the American Community Survey, Puerto Rico's poverty rate is about 45% -- three times the national U.S.
In a bid to gain a stronger insight into the super-yacht world I've organised an interview with Dr William Collier, the owner of Liverpool's G.L.
The Florida governor's race is considered to be one of the most hotly contested contests of the midterm election cycle.
In a separate incident, armed insurgents attacked the office of a nonprofit organization in Kabul late Thursday.
"We are stunned!
On Sunday, Democratic Sen.
The United States calculates there are up to 10,000 ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria, including those who broke out of prisons in Iraq and Sunni tribesmen, several U.S. officials have told CNN in recent days.
At least 757 civilians were killed and 599 were injured during the al Qaeda splinter group's advance in northern Iraq between June 5 and 22, according to figures released by the United Nations mission in Iraq.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E.
soldiers have been charged with cruelty and maltreatment of four subordinates in Iraq after a suicide investigation brought to light alleged wrongdoing, the military said Friday.
"He is coming only to visit old friends," Lande said.
U.S. intelligence estimates that nearly 7,000 foreign fighters have traveled to Syria, including dozens from the United States.
Apple posted an image of Winehouse on the front of the iTunes store with the caption "remembering Amy Winehouse."
Sales of "Back to Black" increased 37 times immediately after Winehouse's death.
The Lebanese navy said there were 83 people aboard the cargo ship that was packed with sheep and other livestock.
(EW.com) -- "The Closer" closed out Kyra Sedgwick's involvement in the series on Monday night, installing Mary McDonnell in her place, in a "new" series, "Major Crimes."
"The Closer" series finale brought closure to Deputy Chief Johnson's career, as she faced off with her long-running arch-nemesis, the serial rapist Philip Stroh (Billy Burke).
Colorado Gov.
Al-Masri was one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain, where he was already sentenced to seven years for inciting racial hatred at his north London mosque and other terrorism-related charges.
The Taliban are holding talks with the North West Frontier Province's government in the town of Timagera in the province's Lower Dir district, he said.
About 800 travelers were stranded Sunday morning when Cleveland-Hopkins International Airport lost power at 6:50 a.m.
(CNN) -- Fox just announced two very different long-form projects in development based on best-selling books: James Clavell's classic novel "Shōgun" and legal journalist Jeffrey Toobin's "The Run of His Life: The People vs.
It was the first time the U.N. staff in Tripoli had left since the revolution.
NASA crashed the rocket and a satellite into the moon's surface on Friday morning in a $79 million mission.
The images in this video are now part of a lawsuit by two former employees of Jorge Scientific who allege that contractors with the firm were careless with their guns, abused local staffers, wrecked cars, destroyed furniture, and often could not perform their duties due to drunkenness.
Authorities rescued 14 Chinese victims, who were sent from the capital of Luanda, on the same flight Saturday, Xinhua said.
The one-of-a-kind silk chiffon confection was embellished with organza rosettes, Swarovski crystal rhinestones and silver embroidery.
Moscow was also grateful to Syria for being one of the few Muslim states that did not condemn the USSR for invading and occupying Afghanistan.
SAN FRANCISCO, California (CNN) -- Steroid test results and notes and calendars from his then-trainer are among the evidence federal prosecutors have amassed in their perjury case against baseball home-run king Barry Bonds, according to documents unsealed Wednesday.
State Rep.
Hasbro sees the genius in Lerner's product and agrees to market it, creating the first-ever TV ads for a toy.
It turns out that parents have few misgivings about squandering their potatoes; more than 1 million Mr.
"You do the treadmill first, which is this horrendous, evil thing," she said.
(CNN) -- The Winter Olympics has been hit by tragedy after the death of a Georgian competitor following a crash during training for the high-speed luge event -- the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and the Georgian Embassy have confirmed.
When the movie plunges into the convoluted backstory of these two, only to emerge from the flashback about 20 minutes later, we begin to realize: The more stuff that happens in "Puss in Boots," the less stake we have in it.
"Puss in Boots" is beautifully animated (with 3-D that adds nothing), but the film is so mindlessly busy that it seems to be trying to distract you from the likable, one-note feline swashbuckler at its center.
New York (CNN) -- Outgoing New York state Sen.
BEIJING, China (CNN) -- Graphic footage of death and destruction has been shown on China's state-run news networks in the days following the massive earthquake that hit southwest Sichuan province earlier this week.
When the Great Tangshan earthquake struck 32 years ago, the Chinese media kept the information secret for a long time, even though over 240,000 people were killed.
The long-running ABC talk show finalized its cast Wednesday, confirming that actress Rosie Perez and political analyst Nicolle Wallace will join Whoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell.
Last month Chelsea captain Terry was handed a four-match ban and a $356,000 fine by the English Football Association after being found guilty of racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand.
Three Democrats joined Republicans in opposing the tabling motion, while one Republican -- retiring moderate Sen.
During the election season, Obama frequently campaigned against what he called Bush's "failed policies" and promised a "clean break" from the past eight years.
He's the owner of Taylor Mae'd Barber Shop, an old-fashioned place with one distinguishing feature -- customers can share their thoughts on camera about current events while Quavis trims their hair.
The attack occurred Thursday and carried into Friday morning when gunmen launched an assault against two police stations and a military post in the coastal town of Port-Bouet.
Ivory Coast shares a more than 400-mile border with Ghana, where loyalists to former President Laurent Gbagbo have gone into exile.
This year he became the oldest marathoner ever to win the U.S.
More Americans continue to oppose gay marriage than support it, according to the poll, which was released Wednesday by the Pew Research Center.
(CNN) -- The 30-mile stretch between Biloxi and Bay St.
Silver's many roles included playing political consultant Bruno Gianelli in "The West Wing," and attorney Alan Dershowitz in the movie "Reversal of Fortune."
Peter and Penelope Duff from Bath, England, died in Zurich on February 27, according to a statement released Thursday by their family and reported by Britain's Press Association.
The other, delivered in English by Iowa Sen.
Twitter is rolling out a "mute" feature that will let you silence certain users in your feed.
(CNN) -- Seventy-five Australian soldiers killed in the World War I battle of Fromelles have been identified, the first of about 250 whose remains were discovered at the site in France more than a year ago.
The Doomsday Clock was created in 1947 and had been adjusted only 18 times before Thursday, the group said.
Klijsters will now face China's Li Na in Friday's final and a win at Sydney's Olympic Park will see her rise to number two in the world rankings.
Police allege Mohamed's terrorist activity was directly linked to the arrests of Ashton and Carlos Larmond, two Ottawa twin brothers accused of conspiring to commit terrorism offenses.
They'll join a Thanksgiving episode of the comedy series, with Silverman playing Andre's (Paul Scheer) sister and Jeff Goldblum as Ruxin's (Nick Kroll) father.
Gen.
The first phase of the Venetian Casino Resort opened in May 1999, which originally consisted of 3,036 suites though the number of suites was reduced over time to 3,014 based on renovations and remodeling.
In May 2004, Las Vegas Sands opened the Sands Macau, located on China's southeastern coast.
The advocacy group American Rivers recently named the San Joaquin the "most endangered" river in the country.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- At least 43 people are feared dead after a massive mudslide swept away three hamlets in northern India, authorities said Sunday.
Part of the plan under the "Level 4 condition of readiness" is an emergency shelter that opened over the weekend at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas, and can accommodate up to 1,000 children, officials said.
New York (CNN) -- A woman who admitted to stealing a 19-day-old infant from a Manhattan hospital in 1987 was sentenced Monday to 12 years in prison.
Many Iranians are viewing the team's bands as a sign of support for Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi, although that has not been confirmed.
The United States beat 2010 World Cup hosts South Africa 1-0 in Cape Town thanks to a late goal from teenage debutant Juan Agudelo.
Discovery retires having logged more than 148 million miles in orbit during 39 flights.
Their relationship quickly went from sexy to serious: In early 2008, McConaughey told his fans that he was starting a family with Alves.
Apple is scheduled to report first quarter earnings on April 23.
Neither Democrats nor Republicans have detailed how they would pay for their proposals.
Until now, the government has gone after the protesters themselves in mass trials that have been denounced internationally.
Key Israeli politicians pointed to Iran as the likely instigator, but Israel's U.S. ambassador acknowledged they had no proof.
The Tibetan leader's spokesman denied there was any political subtext to the visit.
"I come from a different time ...
(CNN) -- Emerging from victory, Park Geun-hye who will become the next president of South Korea -- the first woman for the Asian nation -- pledged to "take care of our people one-by-one."
South Korea is also a strategic Western ally and the fourth-largest economy in Asia.
Orellana-Clark, in a statement released Sunday, recounted the details surrounding the death of her husband, Capt.
In Europe this week, issues around women's advancement and empowerment have been high on the agenda.
"The hospital doesn't know what Mr.
According to The Hollywood Reporter Legeno was also an MMA fighter and boxer and lived in southern England with his daughter.
Fact Check: Is there any connection between the recent deadly earthquakes?
(CNN) -- Kansas Gov.
A new study has found that people who type or read on their phones while walking are less likely to look at their surroundings, keep their balance or walk in a straight line.
Italy -- the European state whose territory is closest to Libya -- has borne the brunt of the task of picking up, sheltering and providing food and medical help to the illegal migrants.
Some 636 F/A-18 A through D model Hornets in both the Navy and the Marine Corps are being inspected for stress cracks on a hinge connecting the aileron to the flaps on the back side of the wings, according to Navy spokesmen.
Inspectors started looking at the planes Thursday and have found 15 aircrafts with the problem.
Navy officials said there are no immediate plans to ground the 636 planes.
Nez was the last remaining of the original 29 Navajos recruited by the Marine Corps to develop the legendary code that was used for vital communications during battle.
Roughly 60 percent of the world's population living in poverty are women and girls.
Both vessels, HMS Vanguard and Le Triomphant, were armed with nuclear warheads and suffered damage but were able to return to port under their own power following the collision.
Second place went to "G.I.
"The Time Traveler's Wife" materialized into third place with $19.2 million in its debut weekend, proving that there is a market for watching Eric Bana disappear.
The Special Olympics has grown from that small camp into a global organization that helps 3 million athletes with Down syndrome, autism and other intellectual disabilities compete for medals in an array of sports.
Prince William has said it is a "great privilege" to be invited to Canada for their first trip as a married couple.
The U.S.
An anthropological investigation is now under way on the material, said office spokeswoman Grace Brugess.
His kids like to tease him by singing the song "Billionaire" by Travie McCoy and Bruno Mars.
People in Third World countries have no idea who he is.
He has a Twitter account, but had a problem with Facebook: "...
Leiber, along with Stoller, was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1985 and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Saudi authorities shut down the Lebanese network's offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after the interview aired a few months ago.
That's why it was so striking to see Facebook tease a feature clearly intended for dating during the company's big press event on Tuesday for Graph Search, a new search engine that lets members use natural language to pull up recommendations for people, places and businesses from their social graph.
Facebook could fit nicely in this trend by serving as a more general social venue where casual users occasionally browse for dates without necessarily branding themselves as online daters.
The blast comes as many U.S.
Just a few smokers can cause a big impact in a large apartment building, Winickoff says.
The organization, which facilitates global cooperation among police agencies, said its Web site logged 30 times more visitors than in an average day after it made its plea for the public's help Tuesday.
Many Iranians are viewing the team's bands as a sign of support for Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi, although that has not been confirmed.
Russell, 40, shares custody of two children with "Franklin & Bash" actor Mark-Paul Gosselaar, 38, who got engaged to advertising executive Catriona McGann this summer.
Probst, 50, will preside over the finale of "Survivor: South Pacific" on CBS December 18.
Rick Scott's political demise was considerably less spectacular; the remains of his career as a politician were blown all across Florida by a one-foot-wide electric fan.
"Once returned to a floating state, the wreck will be towed to an Italian port," Costa Cruises said in a news release.
Almost 93,000 people submitted more than 104,000 questions to the administration's Web site, WhiteHouse.gov, which streamed live video of the meeting.
Fighting between government forces and Islamist militias has triggered the flight of more than 67,000 Somalis in and around Mogadishu since May 8, the U.N.
Most of them are heading to the Afgooye corridor, a 30-kilometer (19-mile) stretch of ramshackle housing described by the United Nations' World Food Program as "a nightmare."
(CNN) -- Hey Star Trek fans, how much do you know about Capt.
Aleksandr Suvorov, 28, had previously entered guilty pleas in two separate schemes.
U.S. intelligence agencies fear Edward Snowden has achieved celebrity as a leaker and could be inspiring others to disclose classified national security information.
Johnson can next be seen in "G.I.
"The officer carries a radio on his belt but he might as well be wearing a brick," Morris said.
Maryland residents are scheduled to cast their ballot November 6 on what's known as Question 6, voting either to uphold or strike down a bill legalizing same-sex marriage that was signed into law in March by O'Malley.
(CNN) -- Rep.
The last U.S.
Relativity's "Immortals" became the new box office titan, fending off competition and scoring a strong $32 million opening.
After two weekends in first place, "Puss in Boots" settled for third (though it may swap places with "Jack and Jill" once final results are released tomorrow) with an estimated $25.5 million.
Bank robberies in New York have risen 54 percent compared with last year, with criminals committing more than 430 in the past 12 months, according to the New York police department.
On Monday alone, robbers targeted five banks in the Big Apple, some striking in broad daylight and near famous landmarks.
(CNN) -- When J.R.
(CNN) -- Three more members of a polygamous sect led by Warren Jeffs are facing sexual assault charges, Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said Tuesday.
Each faces one felony count of sexual assault of a child.
At least $5 million has been donated to the Aurora Victims Relief Fund since it was established with the approval of Colorado Gov.
In fact, Obama has used the term "special relationship" with only one other country, Israel.
The President views the improving economy after a difficult recession as a potential cornerstone of his legacy.
People who are parents of minor children are especially likely (64%) to get local mobile news or information -- compared with only 40% of people with no minor children.
Gupta and TV writer David E.
Full Throttle also prides itself on having the world's first ever "top hat" loop, allowing riders to fly across the outer rail of the circle as well as the inside.
"I've always written plays for the purpose of getting something out of my system.
He adds, "I couldn't sleep before, but now it's worse.
The European Union is sanctioning 11 more people over the Ukraine crisis, the European Council said Friday, bringing the total number subject to EU visa bans and asset freezes because of the crisis to 72.
In a gesture of inclusiveness aimed at the gay community, Facebook on Thursday added "In a civil union" and "In a domestic partnership" to its official list of relationship statuses.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- The Iraqi government says it has banned all organized visits to Saddam Hussein's grave amid concern over support for the late dictator's former party.
However, the move reflects the concern of Iraq's government over the presence of the Baath Party in Iraq, Saddam Hussein's political movement.
Benicio del Toro recounts attending 50 or 60 auditions before getting a part and Quentin Tarantino told Eli Roth he "blew it" when he first auditioned for "Inglourious Basterds."
On Monday morning, the whole French government presented its resignation and Valls was immediately asked to form a new cabinet.
The French government must now decide what direction it wants to take and have the courage to stay the course.
Georgia Gov.
Three medications are available in the U.S. to treat alcoholism, Schuckit said.
Adam Gadahn, also known as Azzam the American, appeared in a 17-minute video released on Islamist online forums late Friday.
Moonshine is not uncommon in poverty-stricken communities in India because it is cheap to make.
New Jersey Gov.
New York (CNN) -- The wife of Robert F.
U.S. airlines are in close contact with the Federal Aviation Administration and other agencies and regulators in the U.S. and abroad, monitoring conditions around the nuclear facility, according to the FAA.
Forecasters fear additional casualties as more rain was expected Monday.
Londonderry, New Hampshire (CNN) -- A new CNN/ORC poll shows a statistical dead heat between New Hampshire Democratic Sen.
Londonderry, New Hampshire (CNN) -- A new CNN/ORC poll shows a statistical dead heat between New Hampshire Democratic Sen.
Third-placed Arsenal's title hopes were dented after conceding a late equalizer at Birmingham.
The University of Alabama's Crimson White student newspaper is trying to track down some of Tuscaloosa's missing using the #UAMissing hashtag on Twitter, said Hannah Mask, a former editor who has been working on the project.
Inflation is once again a major concern, violent crime is on the rise, cases of corruption fill the press, healthcare is in a precarious state, infrastructure projects have not materialized and street traffic is depressingly worse than ever.
The Geneva-based U.N.
To date Khamenei has been able to blame divisions on Ahmadinejad and his "deviant current" on the one hand, and the foreign inspired sedition of Mir-Hussein Musavi and Mehdi Karrubi (still under house arrest) on the other.
He was already a seasoned local and regional performer, playing both old-time music and what he called "rockabilly and pop standards," when the folk boom of the 1960s put him in front of a new set of audiences with his voice, banjo and acoustic guitar.
(EW.com) -- An old-fashioned, tastefully constrained supernatural thriller, "The Woman in Black" embraces the elements of gothic horror movies with pleasing seriousness: If there's a door handle to rattle or floorboard to creak in the ruined mansion at the heart of the story's trouble, this production pauses for the sight and sound.
Do you know a hero?
Lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust.
"Slingo" is played by more than 55 million people through online, mobile and casino games.
The game's creators are partnering with Zynga, maker of such popular social games as "Farmville," "Cityville" and "Words With Friends," to produce Zynga Slingo.
"He doesn't believe in power sharing.
BELGRADE, Serbia (CNN) -- The U.S.
(CNN) -- Substitute Mario Balotelli scored a second-half equalizer to earn Inter Milan a 1-1 draw at Parma in their re-arranged Italian Serie A match on Wednesday.
And in Spain, Sevilla are through to the Copa del Rey final despite a narrow 1-0 defeat Getafe.
(CNN) -- Self-help author and speaker James Arthur Ray announced Thursday that he is postponing all of his scheduled events through the end of the year after the deaths of three people in a sweat lodge session he led.
Iowans are wondering what they did to incur the wrath of Stephen G.
(CNN) -- California Rep.
(CNN) -- California Rep.
Polls predicted a tight race coming down to the wire, with Netanyahu in a virtual tie with his main challenger, Isaac Herzog of the Zionist Union party.
Washington (CNN) -- Former Arkansas Gov.
Retired Adm.
Rihanna was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend, singer Chris Brown, before the Grammys on February 8.
Day-Lewis' performance has a beautiful gravitas, yet there's nothing too severe about it.
He gives Lincoln a surprisingly plainspoken, reedy high voice that retains the courtly cadences of the South.
"Lincoln" brilliantly dramatizes the delicacy of politics, along with the raw brutality of it.
The new rifles are designed to handle the greater rate of use and last twice as long.
(CNN) -- Argentina's David Nalbandian and Eduardo Schwank kept Argentina's Davis Cup dreams alive after they thrashed Spain's Feliciano Lopez and Fernando Verdasco in the doubles rubber 6-4 6-2 6-3 in Seville on Saturday.
(CNN) -- Two late goals from Seydou Keita and Xavi Hernandez earned 10-man Barcelona a 3-1 win over Sporting Gijon at the Nou Camp on Saturday.
(CNN) -- A number of Chipotle employees across Minnesota were fired after an immigration audit targeted the restaurant chain for allegedly hiring undocumented workers, officials said.
Kennedy family members have since purchased some 50 plots surrounding the grave, including plots reserved for all six of Mary and Robert Kennedy Jr.'s children, he said.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
The Zack Snyder-directed production had been scheduled for release on July 17, 2015.
"Over 1,000,000 calls placed from Gmail in just 24 hours!"
(CNN) -- Rock group R.E.M. debuted a song from its upcoming album Wednesday on CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360°" program.
Presented in a back-and-forth, non-linear and occasionally all-too obvious way, Lynn Ramsey's "We Need to Talk About Kevin" is the ultimate cautionary tale for prospective parents.
By this time, Eva is more or less convinced that Kevin is damaged goods and things only get worse when she decides (without consulting Franklin) to have another child, perhaps in the hopes of getting it right, the second time.
But the economic boom has also led to the resurgence of local gangs engaged in human and drug trafficking, illegal gambling, prostitution, extortion and protection rackets.
Spain is already poised to tap Europe's bailout funds to help its banks, which require almost 60 billion euros in support, according to last week's audit.
But Florida Republican Sen.
Gray wolves were removed from federal protection earlier this year, and as a result, the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources assumed state management of the species.
All the exchanges are supposed to be up and running by October 1 of this year.
Marketing experts are tapping into the potential goldmine of female Chinese consumers.
Shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the Nembe creek pipeline and Agip could not be reached for comment.
The bill now goes to Democratic Gov.
The move comes after ABC blinked first, yesterday yanking its lowest-rated Tuesday comedy, "Don't Trust the Bâ€”- in Apt.
Fox says the remaining "Ben and Kate" episodes will air at some point (there are six left).
But the one question no one has yet answered for investigators is the essential one: Where did he go?
China newly declared air defense zone has raised tensions in the region, with the United States, Japan and South Korea lodging objections to the zone.
Kevin Ward Jr. started young, loved to race
(CNN) -- Arsenal climbed to the top of the English Premier League with a 2-0 victory over London rivals West Ham despite playing half of Saturday's clash with only 10 men.
Vonn, a two-time World Cup champion, said she injured her right shin when she fell in practice while in Austria recently.
The U.S. has moved up six places -- from 31st to 25th -- in the annual Save The Children State of the World's Mothers report.
The U.S. has made strides with respect to better care for teen moms and also in electing more women to government positions, which the organization sees as an important measure of how society values women.
Sen.
(CNN) -- While serving on an assignment in Afghanistan on October 23, 2010, Marine Cpl.
Most of the people sent to institutions had some sort of developmental disability -- Down syndrome, retardation, cerebral palsy or autism, for example.
Retired Air Force Lt.
Street art has existed in Cairo before the revolution, albeit furtive and hardly visible.
None of the defendants in the civil lawsuits faced criminal charges, but the bankruptcy trustee for Ruderman's estate said they had to return at least $1.5 million of their alleged gambling winnings.
Self-immolation is a common form of protests for Tibetans who want genuine autonomy from China and accuse Beijing of repression.
Archerd died Tuesday at Los Angeles Medical Center of a rare form of mesothelioma, a type of lung cancer thought to be the result of his exposure to asbestos in the Navy during World War II.
Archerd was the first journalist honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and won numerous other awards.
Archerd was president and founder of the Hollywood Press Club and received honors from that group and the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, as well as Newsman of the Year from the Publicists Association.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (CNN) -- If Alaska Gov.
(CNN) -- Former Real Madrid and Spain midfielder Ruben de la Red officially announced his retirement from football in an emotional press conference on Thursday.
U.S. officials reacted angrily Tuesday to comments attributed to Israel's defense minister criticizing Secretary of State John Kerry's efforts to broker a peace agreement between Israel and Palestinians.
YouTube announced Thursday that it has increased its upload limit from 10 minutes to 15 for non-partners.
Well, on the YouTube blog, the video-sharing site explains that it's been beefing up its copyright protection tools of late, i.e. the Content ID system (which lets copyright holders have more control over their content).
In celebration of this added time, YouTube is also launching a contest of sorts called "15 Minutes of Fame."
(CNN) -- Pirates have hijacked two European-owned chemical tankers off the coast of Somalia in the past 24 hours, the European Union Maritime Security Center said Thursday.
The 23,000-ton Norwegian-owned and Bahamian-registered M/V Bow-Asir was captured 250 miles east of the southern Somali city Kismayo on Thursday morning, the security center said in a release.
(CNN) -- The European Tour confirmed its support for a ban on belly putters Monday -- potentially placing it at odds with its rival U.S.
Jobs questioned authority his entire life, even choosing to drive without license plates.
The military has spoken only in generalities about the spacecraft and its mission.
The six-month-long trial ended in October with a victory for AEG Live, the concert promoter Jackson's mother and children had claimed was liable for his death because it hired, retained or supervised the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the death.
Lawyers for mother Katherine Jackson argued that the verdict form used by the jury was faulty and that the judge erred by refusing to let them pursue a negligence claim independent of the hiring case.
Jackson lawyers have indicated that they will appeal the jury's verdict.
JILL DOUGHERTY, CNN FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT: The U.S. government has been in damage control all weekend long.
Bulger is facing 19 counts of murder as part of a racketeering conspiracy, and 13 counts of extortion, racketeering and money-laundering.
(CNN) -- One of the 78 wives of jailed polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs left the Arizona community of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints this week and is receiving medical treatment at a shelter, authorities said.
Karen leaders and activists said it was too early to gauge whether peace would take hold.
But an Israeli special envoy was in Egypt for cease-fire talks late Sunday, the Egyptian government said, and a stream of Arab League, U.N. and European diplomats were darting in and out of the region on similar errands.
(RollingStone.com) -- The toy company behind the viral advertisement that used a parody of the song "Girls" to mock stereotyped toys for young women has filed a lawsuit fighting copyright infringement claims by the Beastie Boys.
The video has been viewed more than seven and a half million times on YouTube.
But whatever GoldieBlox's social intent was beyond selling their products, Adam Yauch's will specifically prohibited the use of his music in advertisements after his death.
If you remember, the Texas Republican was born in Canada to an American mother and a Cuban father.
The Bryans had been tied on 61 with legendary Australian pair Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde since winning the Madrid Open title back in May.
The new note is equal to just one U.S. dollar.
(Mashable) -- Digg has launched an overhaul and redesign of the struggling social media service in an attempt to bring users back and regain some momentum.
2), which dropped a hefty 67 percent from its big opening last weekend to gross $18.1 million.
Benicio del Toro recounts attending 50 or 60 auditions before getting a part and Quentin Tarantino told Eli Roth he "blew it" when he first auditioned for "Inglourious Basterds."
EW has learned exclusively that author Lauren Weisberger is working on "Revenge Wears Prada: The Devil Returns," a sequel to her debut novel "The Devil Wears Prada."
Simon & Schuster will be publishing the follow-up in April 2013 -- 10 years after the release of the original.
Mehsud has been the target of suspected U.S.
"The safety of our students is our No.
Despite the negative tone of the campaign season -- in which Obama frequently campaigned against what he called Bush's "failed policies" -- Bush has pledged to do everything he can to make sure they have a smooth transition. iReport.com: What's your message for Obama?
As you might expect, Norris's editorial is peppered with phrases that would make you think Gingrich is a ninja assassin under siege of a thousand enemies -- not a doughy former college professor.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has proposed time zone reforms that would further cut the time difference between the region and Moscow, the state-run RIA-Novosti news agency reported.
Portland police Sgt.
Two other boys ages 13 and 15 have been charged as juveniles.
Shortly after O.J.
The Bronco chase and subsequent "not guilty" verdict are among the most memorable TV moments in the past 50 years.
Kosovo is expected to declare independence from Serbia early in the new year.
Costa Rica's Michael Barrantes was left dejected after the U.S.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The moderator's chair on NBC's "Meet the Press" stood empty on Sunday in remembrance of Tim Russert, the man who had occupied it for 17 years.
Presumably they were wary of messing with a solid gold classic, but while "Oz" does present a wide target for critics, they shouldn't have worried: Director Sam Raimi ("The Amazing Spider-Man," "The Evil Dead") takes care to honor the original in spirit and in style.
Some analysts have said that North Korea might be trying to buy time with its new outreach to the United States.
Analysts said North Korea is also desperate to break out of its diplomatic isolation and ease its economic pain, especially after the U.N.
LONDON, England (Reuters) -- The "bongs" of London's Big Ben stopped on Saturday for up to six weeks as the clock's chimes were shut down for maintenance work.
The stoppage will be the longest suspension of Big Ben since 1990.
Right now 40% of finished drugs Americans take come from other countries, and 80% of the active pharmaceutical ingredients taken here come from other countries.
68 - Percent of the vote Ryan received in the 2010 election, after a recount.
6 - Number of days a week you have to work out on the P90X exercise regimen.
1 - Times Ryan has driven the Oscar Mayer "Wienermobile."
The International Space Station's 3-D printer created the first object to be made in orbit on Tuesday.
(CNN) -- Michael J.
The sentences handed to Mohammad Saalli Shibin -- who authorities say negotiated for the release of pirate-held hostages and vessels in return for ransom -- follow his involvement in arranging ransoms for two dramatic, high-profile pirated vessels.
(CNN) -- A bill is headed for the governor's desk in Tennessee that would allow for a woman to be prosecuted if she illegally takes drugs while pregnant and the child is harmed.
Mubarak resigned February 11 after 18 days of protest against his rule.
On the morning of Eid, Muslims don new clothes and head to prayers that are often held in open fields to accommodate crowds too big to contain in mosques.
She was also the first person to hit 10 million fans on Facebook, as well as 1 billion views on YouTube.
The president's biographer attributes the shift to a new sense of freedom from winning a second term.
(CNN) -- DARPA, the U.S.
Third-placed Bayer Leverkusen dropped four points behind Bayern, losing 1-0 at bottom club Eintracht Braunschweig thanks to an 81st-minute goal by Congolese striker Domi Kumbela.
Dressage has its roots in the military training of elite officers and their horses, dating back hundreds of years.
Show jumping is one of the more dangerous Olympic sports and it can also be one of the most exciting.
Canada breaks U.S.
Canada breaks U.S.
The plastic BananaBunker -- available in five colors and in one unmistakable shape -- safeguards snacks from getting banged around in your bag.
British Royal Air Force Flight Lt.
Former U.S.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A Bedouin who was just a boy when a U.S.
Speicher's remains will be taken to Jacksonville, Florida, for burial, according to a family spokeswoman.
Cologne moved off the bottom of the table with their first victory, winning 2-0 at Stuttgart with a 25th-minute header from Sebastian Freis before goalkeeper Jens Lehmann's 89th-minute error let in striker Manasseh Ishiaku.
Peugeot, Europe's second biggest automaker, posted a loss of €343 million, or $456 million, in 2008 and also expects to lose money in 2009.
All of the infected persons had been confirmed as having the outbreak strain of E. coli 0157:H7, the CDC said Monday.
"New York City and the FDNY suffered a terrible and tragic loss when one of our bravest, Lt.
The state of Western Australia averages less than one person per square kilometer (0.4 square miles).
Capt.
Authorities were looking into why the plane went down during takeoff from Kandahar airfield Monday morning, but the role of insurgents had been ruled out, said Lt.
Military officials did not identify the type of jet that crashed, nor did they release the nationality of the crew.
Seven years after the attacks of September 11, just 30 percent of Americans said they think an attack on American soil is likely over the next several weeks, down 11 points since this time last year and down 30 points since the first anniversary of September 11.
When assembled, the product resembles a turkey with a pumpkin-shaped body.
The Rev.
The program is designed to see how Wi-Fi can help relieve wireless data congestion on AT&T's network.
If all goes well, AT&T said it may expand the offering to other cities.
"The attacks will stop when the department states the truth about my innocence," he wrote.
Shynkarenko, who is believed to have co-conspirators, according to Carmichael, was first arrested in January of 2009 in Thailand and had been fighting extradition to the United States until he was brought to Newark this past weekend.
After a 13-year hiatus from making music, Scott-Heron put out a new album last year called "I'm New Here."
H.R.
New York's 76 zoos, aquariums and botanical gardens will lose $9.1 million in state funds next year.
Detectives recently obtained a warrant to test Ramirez's DNA based on new leads in the 1984 death of 9-year-old Mei Leung, who was sexually assaulted and killed in the basement of her home in the city's Tenderloin district, police said.
U.S. troops are seeing an increased threat in Afghanistan, Gen.
"Talent" judge Amanda Holden and Dr.
The game is a sequel to 2010's "Call of Duty: Black Ops," which sold more than 13.7 million units in the U.S. alone to become one of the best-selling console games of all time.
While Nintendo intends to respond to the Xbox threat by cutting the Wii's price next month, it looks like the gaming company has another trick up its sleeve: a brand new HD console.
Army as Pfc.
The Uijeongbu District Court handed down the sentence Tuesday, about a month after the rape occurred in the area of Dongducheon, where the U.S.
Military officials had rescinded the previous curfew on July 2, 2010.
Washington (CNN) -- To veto or not to veto: It's up to Arizona Gov.
Deen's career and public reputation went into a tailspin this summer after her deposition in the lawsuit, in which she admitted using the "N-word" in the past, was released.
What government resources are you glad to have back?
The group has recruited around 40 young American men and also dozens from Europe and has shown that it is comfortable with Internet technology, despite the fact that Somalia is one of the poorest and most anarchic countries on the planet.
The attack on the Nairobi mall may be an attempt by Al-Shabaab to signal its continued relevance.
Lee Kuan Yew, the founding father of Singapore and the man widely credited with molding the island nation into one of the world's most prosperous countries, has been released from the hospital, where he was treated for an irregular heartbeat and "stroke-like symptoms."
(CNN) -- Italian giants Juventus have completed the signing of Brazil playmaker Diego from German Bundesliga club Werder Bremen in a $34 million deal.
A formal decision on a definitive end date will be made early next week.
Since November, CNN has uncovered delays in care at VA facilities across the country where numerous VA staffers have stepped forward to allege dangerously long wait times and efforts by VA officials to cover them up.
A blunt conversation with an Army wife started Lt.
The ban proposed by Sen.
(CNN) -- Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar was again denied the chance to secure a record 100th international century on Friday as Australia won the second Test in Sydney by an innings and 68 runs to take an unassailable 2-0 lead in the four-match series.
"I was shaking when I found out.
So when the IOC President Jacques Rogge said, "London has created a legacy blueprint" and "has raised the bar on how to deliver a lasting legacy," we can neatly tick that one off as a rousing success from which other cities can learn.
Setola is allegedly the head of a killing team run by the powerful Casalesi clan which belongs to the Neapolitan mafia known as Camorra.
The new world No.
Putin in turn suggested that Medvedev should take over the role of prime minister if the party wins parliamentary elections in December, in what would be a straight swap of their roles.
The tally has been completed, but the results remain unofficial until the country's electoral tribunal ratifies them.
Frein led a small army of law enforcement officers on a weeks-long manhunt in eastern Pennsylvania.
The self-styled survivalist and military buff was captured on October 30 at an abandoned airport.
The U.S. doesn't want to upset that balance.
The report calls for greater investment in agriculture to tackle long and short-term hunger by making farmers productive and more resilient to crises.
The University of Arkansas has puts its head football coach, Bobby Petrino, on paid administrative leave after news that the passenger on the motorcycle he crashed this week was a 25-year-old female member of his staff.
The company's DVD customers -- it has about 7 million in the U.S. -- may still order the discs in the mail.
Enrique Bravo, an analyst with the Eurasia consulting group, points out that the violence so far is mostly affecting just drug gangs and is primarily localized along the U.S. border and Mexico's western coast.
The town flourished as a trading village for over a hundred years prior to its ultimate destruction in 1811.
(CNN)Reigning Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton was the fastest man on the tracks during the second last day of pre-season testing at the Circuit de Catalunya near Barcelona Saturday.
With the price of gold near historic highs, the find could be worth as much as $300 million on the market, Conroy told CNN.
(RollingStone.com) -- Louis C.K. will host "Saturday Night Live" on November 3 along with musical guest Fun., NBC announced during the show's Saturday broadcast.
(CNN) -- World No.
She says demand for status dog breeds in Hong Kong comes in waves and normally follows the release of Hollywood films and popular television shows.
He had been accused of twisting a nurse's arm and kicking another nurse in January as he tried to leave the maternity ward of a suburban New York City hospital with his newborn son.
The growth surge was driven in part by a recovery of electronics exports after a decline in demand last year, while analysts say the economy was buoyed by strong domestic consumption.
Cuts in interest rates and the government's plans to spend more aggressively have boosted investor confidence in the Philippines, which has a third of its population living below the poverty line of $1.25 per day.
Nearly 400 million people in Africa live below the poverty line, and most of them depend on agriculture for their livelihoods, so vulnerability to climate-related shocks is a constant threat to their food security and well-being, the WFP warns.
Instead, 79 percent support a democratic system in which leaders are elected through free, direct elections.
Vallejo Guarin was arrested outside a luxury hotel in central Madrid with the collaboration of the U.S.
(CNN) -- A Russian court denied parole for Maria Alyokhina, a jailed member of the Pussy Riot punk band, state news agency Itar-Tass said Thursday.
Alyokhina and her defense team plan to appeal the Berezniki City Court's decision, the news outlet said.
When the "Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act" went into effect 20 years ago this month, America took a historic stand against gun violence.
There were 4,394 cases in which planes came too close to one another in the year ending September 1, 2012 -- up from 1,895 the year before, the Federal Aviation Administration said on Thursday.
The regime's carrot-and-stick approach may work in the short term but the widely respected International Crisis Group says President Assad has two starkly different options.
More than 2,200 people have died in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, where the outbreak has been concentrated.
The foundation says the money will be used to enable international aid organizations and national governments "to purchase badly needed supplies and scale up emergency operations in affected countries."
(CNN) -- Hundreds of U.S. and Afghan soldiers have embarked on a major operation against militants in the eastern Afghan region of Tora Bora, near the border with Pakistan, officials have told CNN.
Transocean does not specifically dispute their claims of injuries and a company spokesman told CNN in a statement, "From the first hours Transocean has focused on providing support for its employees and the families of those who were lost aboard the Deepwater Horizon, including continued full pay and benefits for eight months following the incident and professional counseling for those in need."
The UNHCR says about 2,300 Palestinians "are living in desperate conditions along the Iraq-Syria border."
(CNN) -- World No.
Some 45,000 workers walked off the job at the government-controlled oil companies Wednesday after the government refused their demands for higher pay.
Through paint and brushstroke, former President George W.
(CNN) -- The former manager of the largest U.S. kosher meatpacking plant was arrested Thursday on federal conspiracy charges of harboring illegal immigrants and aiding and abetting aggravated identity theft, federal officials said.
It is eastern Europe's most indebted nation, with a debt-to-GDP ratio of 80%.
Washington (CNN) -- President Obama will award the Medal of Honor, the military's highest award for bravery, to Air Force Chief Master Sgt.
PRETORIA, South Africa (CNN) -- The United States no longer supports a power-sharing deal between Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe and the country's main opposition because a viable unity government is not possible with Mugabe in power, a top U.S.
Do you know a hero?
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Gov.
Detroit public schools will be closed Friday because of extreme cold, the school system said.
Outside of June to October the coast will be fiercely cold and most businesses will be shut.
More than 30% of men older than 20 are overweight, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Jomo Sono's international career never took off because of South Africa's exclusion from world football.
The Marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in August 2003 that killed 12 people.
In the first incident an avalanche buried one person who was with a party of eight cross-country skiers, Jauch said.
Technology is largely responsible for the shift in expectations and employers' willingness to adapt to them.
But on February 25, Jean H.
Interestingly, Jobs didn't mention that Apple TV runs iOS, the same operating system running on its flagship product, the iPhone, and some other big hits -- the iPod Touch and iPad.
Rep.
World No.
After all, golf's U.S.
The book is scheduled to hit stores on September 30, staffers said.
In January of 2007, a Norwegian newspaper reprinted the drawings.
Francesco Schettino faces possible charges of manslaughter, shipwreck and abandoning ship after the vessel struck rocks and rolled onto its side in the waters off the Italian island of Giglio on January 13.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Pfc.
The existence of the document was first reported by Politico.
The case comes as the U.S. military is under pressure to crack down on sexual assault that victims say is rampant in the culture of the armed forces.
The suspensions are related to the US retailer's widening probe into allegations that employees in several key emerging markets bribed government officials.
On Friday, Walmart said its Indian joint venture with Bharti Enterprises had suspended "a few associates", but declined to give any details about those under scrutiny.
Walmart and its partner Bharti Enterprises have been working together since 2007 to navigate the complex Indian policy environment for retailing.
Other dates on her tour -- dubbed "The Mrs.
CNN sailed with the crew of the Svend Maersk for four days as the ship sailed from Hong Kong to Malaysia to get a sea-level view of the industry.
There were no U.S.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack in an e-mail to CNN.
UNITED NATIONS (CNN) -- Sudan has asked for an emergency meeting of Arab foreign ministers ahead of the expected indictment of the country's president for genocide and crimes against humanity in Darfur, according to reports.
"We are deeply saddened that the discovery of the apparent remains of Army Spc.
Meanwhile, about 150 U.S.
London (CNN) -- A Claude Monet pastel drawing of London's Waterloo Bridge has gone on display in the Savoy hotel room where it was created 110 years ago.
"Let England Shake" sounds a world apart from the introspective piano confessions of Harvey's last solo album, 2007's "White Chalk."
The sound is muted guitar/organ balladry, heavy on melody but never rocking out, channeling her voice through different electronic filters for that extra touch of spooky alienation.
The jury was unable to bring a verdict against his co-defendant, the Rev.
The warnings are part of a crackdown on alleged al Qaeda hideouts since the attempted bombing of an American airliner in December, according to SABA.
The Obama administration has recognized the risks posed by Yemen becoming a failed state and voiced support in its struggles against terrorism.
"I was really surprised to see these kind of modern stores and malls," he said.
A former Reagan administration national security adviser is suspected of having illegally represented the government of Sudan, which has been under strict U.S. government sanctions and a trade embargo for nearly 20 years for supporting terrorism and violating human rights.
Since the fall of the Soviet Union in the late 20th century, there has been a revival of Cossack culture and pride in Russia and the former Soviet states.
"There can be no good future for Germany without a good future for a united Europe," Westerwelle said.
Dr.
(CNN) -- World No.
In recent years, European leaders have taken steps to deepen financial ties including the signing of a Stability and Growth Pact in 2011 and plans for a banking union in the eurozone.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
David J.
The World Health Organization (WHO) is warning that weekly cases could reach 10,000 by the start of December -- it is clear that the peak of this epidemic hasn't yet been reached.
The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May.
The FBI cited the Internet as a source for cheap, easy to purchase hand-held gadgets about the size of fountain pens which have become more powerful in recent years.
Lasers directed at aircraft can cause temporary blindness to pilots for a few seconds, posing risks during takeoffs and landings.
Oasis' second album (What's the story) Morning Glory? broke into the Billboard top ten and sold nearly four million copies in the United States alone.
The controversy dates back to 1992 after the revelation that Allen, then 56, was having an affair with Soon-Yi Previn, Mia Farrow's 19-year-old adopted daughter with composer Andre Previn.
Citing security concerns, state court Judge Nadine Allen denied a motion filed by a lawyer for Deandre Kelley, 34, who was charged with the shooting death of daughter Achauntiara Lanza during an argument with the victim's mother, according to bailiff Gail Ruth.
Access to the crown will be limited to 10 people at a time, guided by a National Park Service ranger.
(CNN) -- P.D.
Do you know a hero?
Now, Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish.
(CNN) -- Apple CEO Tim Cook expects China, the world's most populous country, to become the No.
(CNN) -- Englishman John Parry holds a one-stroke halfway lead at the Austrian Open in Atzenbrugg.
The 23-year-old carded a bogey-free five-under-par 67 to lie on eight-under-par after 36 holes.
U.S.
Visitors will also be able to stroll through 19 state rooms in the palace.
The exhibition shows recreations of the table settings and flowers of the series of banquets that foreign heads of state and the royal family attended.
(CNN) -- Spain, a eurozone behemoth, is in the crosshairs of Europe's financial crisis.
If such a major economy were to fail, the repercussions could cause unprecedented havoc across Europe -- and the globe.
Boston (CNN) -- A federal judge on Thursday denied a petition of James "Whitey'' Bulger to consolidate two pending racketeering cases against the reputed mobster, ruling in favor of prosecutors' requests to dismiss the lesser 1994 indictment in an effort to focus on 19 murder charges.
The BRICS markets, Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa, share little in terms of a common DNA but investment in these markets are still paying handsome dividends due to the size of their consumer markets.
(CNN) -- A wonder goal from Arjen Robben helped Bayern Munich snatch a 3-2 away victory over Werder Bremen which fired them back to the top of the German Bundesliga table for at least 24 hours.
Borussia Dortmund are now only three points behind Bayern after they claimed a narrow 1-0 win over fellow challengers Hamburg thanks to Nelson Valdez's goal while Nuremberg drew 1-1 at Eintracht Frankfurt.
He has assembled a campaign team and told supporters he aims to raise $100 million.
The letter was co-signed by Ohio GOP Rep.
The report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century, based upon four different carbon emission scenarios.
Sudan claims Heglig's oil fields, which account for about half of the nation's oil production, and Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir had vowed to "never give up" the disputed region.
The suspension won't take effect until at least July 1, meaning trainer Doug O'Neill will be able to participate in the June 9 Belmont Stakes -- when Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner I'll Have Another is carrying high hopes for the sport's first Triple Crown since 1978.
United Nations (CNN) -- Syria will soon complete its official investigation into last week's massacre in Houla, the country's U.N. ambassador said Wednesday.
Gadgets that are more complex or open-ended tend to confuse or frustrate average consumers -- which generally isn't good for sales.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
High winds were gusting between 30 mph and 50 mph in the area at the time, according to CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras, and temperatures at the resort were well below freezing.
Former four-division champ Roy Jones Jr. said he wouldn't be surprised to see Mayweather chase Cotto around the ring.
Researchers estimate that there are 7,000 to 12,000 cheetahs in the world, down from about 100,000 at the beginning of the 20th century.
Review of Internet content has been in place since 2008, but the commission said the move will boost effectiveness and meet growing demands.
U.S.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Raw video of Michael Jackson's last days is not covered by laws protecting journalists from court subpoenas, making it likely that Sony will have to let lawyers use its video in their defense of Dr.
Saenz was added to the FBI's list of 10 Most Wanted Fugitives in October 2009.
Holly Williams is daughter of musician Hank Williams Jr. and granddaughter of musician Hank Williams Sr.
After 18 months in recession, the single currency bloc finally posted some much needed growth in the form of a 0.3% expansion of gross domestic product for the second quarter.
And yet the challenge for Europe's leaders at a time when some of them are coming up for re-election will be to seize upon the green shoots without dropping the ball on spending cuts.
First lady Jacqueline Kennedy was a passenger in the car during the ride, auctioneer Barrett-Jackson Auction Company said.
(CNN) -- Women age 60 and older have a 1 in 6 chance of getting Alzheimer's disease in their lifetime, and are twice as likely to develop Alzheimer's compared with breast cancer, according to a report from the Alzheimer's Association.
Enrique Bravo, an analyst with the Eurasia consulting group, points out that the violence so far is mostly affecting just drug gangs and is primarily localized along the U.S. border and Mexico's western coast.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marc J.
The U.N.
(CNN) -- Sen.
(CNN) -- Bayern Munich stayed level on points with German Bundesliga leaders Bayer Leverkusen after beating Borussia Dortmund 3-1 in Saturday's late match.
But there are strong signs that Rouhani is trying to revive Iran's dormant reform movement -- and some observers say that could give the 65-year-old cleric a fighting chance.
(CNN Student News) -- Students will identify contemporary applications of the U.S.
In 2008, she formed the Survivor Mitzvah Project, a nonprofit that provides financial aid and friendship to 2,000 elderly Holocaust survivors throughout Eastern Europe.
Do you know a hero?
In December Brazilian agent Paulo Teixeira was handed a two-month suspension and a $8,600 fine by FIFA for breaching its code of professional conduct as well as its disciplinary code for a number of Facebook postings.
The $165 billion measure puts no restrictions on money the Bush administration had requested to continue bankrolling the wars but includes money for key domestic priorities for House Democrats, namely more unemployment assistance for people who lose their jobs and an expansion of the G.I.
Brown, 44, spent time in a "confidential rehabilitation center" last August as part of his plea deal for the April 2012 arrest.
Dr.
The Ministry of Health took to Facebook to deny reports the doctor had died.
Until falling ill, Khan had been overseeing Ebola treatment and isolation units at Kenema Government Hospital, about 185 miles east of the capital Freetown.
(CNN) -- Polyandry is a form of polygamy where a woman is married to two or more husbands at the same time.
The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide dating back to the early 1990s, when hundreds of thousands of Rwandans were killed in ethnic battles between minority Tutsi and majority Hutu.
U.S.
The Michael J.
(CNN) -- Philippines Sen.
He said he would continue the fight started by his parents to promote democracy in the Philippines.
Lewis Hamilton took victory for the Silver Arrows at the Chinese Grand Prix -- only for his teammate Nico Rosberg to later claim he had ruined his race by driving slowly.
Google hopes it will help people find each other while out and about and to keep track of loved ones.
To protect privacy, Google specifically requires people to sign up for the service.
People can share their precise location, the city they're in, or nothing at all.
Rounding out the top five states among adults were West Virginia, with 31.2 percent of its population considered obese; Alabama, 31.1 percent; Tennessee, 30.2 percent; and South Carolina 29.7 percent.
The survey used the Body Mass Index standards set by the U.S.
A shaky ceasefire has been in place in Donetsk and the neighboring Luhansk region, the center of a months-long conflict between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces.
They were the two most high-profile defendants found guilty Thursday of systematically stealing babies from political prisoners and giving them new identities.
As of Wednesday, the CDC had confirmed 500 people in 42 states have respiratory illnesses caused by enterovirus D68.
President Obama addresses the graduating class at Arizona State University on Wednesday.
Gunshot wound patients are fairly regular at Denver Health, although not on this scale, he said.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
(CNN) -- The number of people forced from their homes worldwide has risen to 43.7 million, the highest level in 15 years, according to a U.N.
Her current single "Good Girl" has climbed up to No.
Obama was speaking at the U.N.
(CNN) -- Caroline Wozniacki underlined her status as women's top seed with a battling straight sets 6-3 6-4 victory over former champion Maria Sharapova in their last 16 clash at the U.S.
The 2014 quilts are light-blue with stitched diamonds of colored flowers.
CNN obtained an extraordinary 23½ hours of Army interrogation videotapes that detail the March 2007 executions of the prisoners by three sergeants who were attached to Alpha Company, 1st Battalion, 18th Infantry Regiment.
The tapes show one of the sergeants confessing to the crime, as well as agents from the Army's Criminal Investigations Division telling soldiers involved in the crime that the military's reputation was at stake.
Fighting first erupted in the area on November 8, when Syrian rebels mounted an assault on Syrian government forces in the neighboring Syrian town of Ras Al Ain.
Kevin McCarthy and Steve Scalise are members of the same tea party club and were elected on pledges of fealty to the tea party agenda.
Dreamworks Animation's juggernaut "Monsters vs.
An unnamed U.S. official commented, "You need guys on the ground to tell you who they [the targets] are and that isn't coming from some white guy running around the FATA."
She was a graduate of Hunter College and Columbia University and worked as a New York City high school teacher for three decades before launching a second career as an author.
The handheld device is commonly used at checkpoints in Iraq and Afghanistan to detect explosives.
65.7% - The percentage of eligible female voters who voted in the 2008 election.
61.5% - The percentage of eligible male voters who voted in the 2008 election.
70.4 million -- The number of women who cast ballots in the 2008 presidential election, versus 60.7 million men.
56% - The percentage of female voters who voted for Barack Obama in 2008, versus 43% for John McCain.
Kony is wanted by the International Criminal Court for alleged war crimes.
3 - States with two women senators: California, New Hampshire, and Washington.
95 - Percent of the U.S.
19 - Percent of the U.S.
6 - Number of reindeer owned by Kerry Bentivolio, a congressman-elect from Michigan.
The Duke of Cambridge will attend a 10-week agriculture management course at the University of Cambridge starting in January, Kensington Palace announced Monday.
I've spent some time catching up with our SIM Liberia country director, Will, who just got back here from the UK about five days ago, and Dr.
(CNN) -- World No.
Radovan Stankovic was convicted in Bosnia in November 2006 for crimes against humanity, including rape, sexual assault and enslavement of women and young girls during Bosnia's 1992-1995 war.
Original lead singer Dave Bickler left the band for medical reasons.
Saturday's full moon will be a super "perigee moon" -- the biggest in almost 20 years.
(CNN) -- The Pentagon took issue Friday with the Afghan government's claim that there was a lack of evidence against 65 prisoners released this week over staunch U.S.
Of the 148,000 Army barracks inspected nationwide, 45 barracks at eight Army posts "were found to need immediate attention," said an Army statement released Friday.
One of the goals of "The Normal Bar" is to get couples talking about their sex lives and trying new things.
IRNA cited the force's website as saying that the announcement was made by Adm.
Islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous and thus prohibited by their religion.
Do you know a hero?
Oregon carried out a pilot program and deemed it "successful."
President Barack Obama's approval rating dropped 8 percentage points over the past month to 45%, the president's lowest rating in more than 18 months, according to a CNN/ORC International survey released on Monday.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Although he now lives in England, poet John McAuliffe often returns to his childhood home in Listowel to visit family and to recharge his writing.
Born and raised in the town that inspired William Butler Yeats, short story writer Elaine Garvey heads to Sligo and the beach north of town to think and inspire her writing.
The Rev.
(CNN) -- Richard Gasquet has been cleared of any wrongdoing by the Court of Arbitration for Sport after the International Tennis Federation (ITF) and World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) failed in their appeal against the decision to overturn a ban he had received after testing positive for cocaine.
Wolens explained that photos remaining online are stuck in a legacy system that was apparently never operating properly, but said the company is working on a new system that will delete the photos in a mere month and a half.
The hundreds of Democratic field offices outnumbered GOP outposts by greater than 2-1 or 3-1 in key swing states.
"Who would want to do this?" the neighbor said.
(CNN) -- Former Brazil international captain Socrates has died in a Sao Paolo hospital at the age of 57 following an intestinal infection.
The cultured midfielder, who won 60 international caps and scored 22 goals for his country, was admitted to the Albert Einstein hospital on Friday after suffering from food poisoning and died early on Sunday morning after going into septic shock.
Those who prefer a good mystery have "L.A.
Sports enthusiasts will enjoy completely new spins on familiar pastimes in "Mario Sports Mix" and "NASCAR: The Game 2011."
(Health.com) -- Jillian Michaels catapulted to fame as the punishing trainer who got results on "The Biggest Loser" and "Losing It with Jillian."
Some 8,000 auto-rickshaw drivers will be enrolled in the training program that will involve classes in yoga, life skills, first aid, spoken English and psychometric tests, federal Tourism Secretary Sujit Banerjee announced Tuesday.
(CNN) -- As fear about the spread of Ebola continues, U.S.
Embassy in Antananarivo, said the United States is calling for calm and pushing for dialogue between the president and the mayor.
Baghdad (CNN) -- The Islamic State of Iraq has claimed responsibility for Thursday's attacks in that country that killed dozens of people and wounded hundreds more.
Washington (CNN) -- Rep.
"Imagine a place where you can be a stranger in your own home," a protester said.
"It was almost like he was doing baseball signs," deaf actress Marlee Matlin told CNN on Wednesday, through a sign-language interpreter.
"This is more about my family and my surgical career," Gupta told CNN's "Larry King Live."
Multiple law-enforcement agencies are searching for Arthur E.
The verdict: Computer use can definitely strain your eyes -- but there are ways to combat the damage
David Buick, who invented the overhead valve engine, founded the Buick Motor Car Co. in 1903.
The Toyota name came from the Toyoda loom works in Kariya, Japan; When it turned to car production, the Toyoda family changed the 'd' to a 't' to make it simpler and more elegant in Japanese script.
The U.S. military in Afghanistan said some of the men are linked to attacks that killed or wounded 32 American or coalition service members and 23 Afghan security personnel or civilians.
(CNN) -- Serie A champions Inter Milan have completed the signing of striker Goran Pandev on a deal until 2014.
Pandev was a free agent after winning his legal battle against Lazio to be released from his contract.
The event features 40 films that show how Latinos have been depicted on the big screen and is part of the network's "Race and Hollywood" series.
The Netherlands only became a kingdom with its own monarch in the early 19th century.
However, Queen Beatrix descends from the Nassau and Orange dynasties which ruled the area as stewards for six centuries.
Authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered, involving about 300,000 bags and wallets with names like Burberry, Gucci and Coach.
The alleged leaders of the counterfeit operations are three Chinese citizens living in New York.
For those comics in the Middle East who don't censor themselves, comedy can be a risky business.
This historic center of Warsaw -- which Nazi troops almost completely destroyed in 1944 and which was carefully rebuilt after the war -- is designated as a World Heritage site by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.
The creator of an original approach to teaching and parenting children with autism died last Tuesday at the age of 68.
Egypt's Grand Mufti -- the country's highest religious official -- will review the sentence and rule on June 25 if the men will be executed, the judge said.
Approximately 72 million sharks are killed each year and 10,000 tons of fins are traded through Hong Kong.
Many anti-Syrian politicians in Lebanon blamed Syria for the assassination.
(CNN) -- Swiss chocolate maker Lindt is expanding into the U.S., China and Russia as it seeks to combat the impact of the country's strong franc and the eurozone crisis.
BBC Persian TV launched January 14, broadcasting in Farsi to Iran, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan, the BBC spokesman said.
(CNN)Indiana Gov.
The vaccine is called Bexsero and is made by Novartis.
BP and Halliburton are still battling over responsibility for the disaster in a New Orleans federal courtroom.
CBS has renewed "The Big Bang Theory" through the 2016-17 season.
The U.N.
President Barack Obama said Friday that Russian President Vladimir Putin has the "most control" over the situation in eastern Ukraine as intelligence indicates that rebels most likely shot down Flight 17 from an area they control with a surface-to-air missile.
"I think he is responsible," said Sen.
"Russia can end this war.
China now has 43 world heritage sites, the most of any country in the world.
London (CNN) -- CNN on Thursday welcomed budding journalists and news producers from under-represented backgrounds to experience life in the fast-paced world of the CNN London newsroom.
The investigation has led to the indictment and prosecution of more than 20 people -- "from distributors to overseas sources of supply" -- and the seizure of more than 600 pounds of imported hashish and other drugs from the United States and France, according to the statement.
Scholar and author Fouad Ajami, a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, says that 2011 "is to the Arabs what 1989 was to the communist world.
Even so, it took U.N.
(CNN) -- A home remedy for insomnia shared by Dr.
Tech's annual conference rose to its feet as Dr.
Now Gary L.
Do people really know who is included in their "Friends-of-Friends?"
Latinos make up almost 40 percent of the population in Texas, and Perry carried 38 percent of their vote in his gubernatorial contest against Democrat Bill White in 2010.
There was no immediate response from Tehran to Obama's message, but Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said last month that his country would welcome talks with the United States "in a fair atmosphere with mutual respect."
Despite the damage inflicted by that attack, Iraq began attempting to produce enriched uranium -- a step toward producing a nuclear weapon -- during the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s, the U.S.-led Iraq Survey Group reported in 2004.
But St.
William, the second in line to the British throne, married Catherine Middleton in London April 29, in a wedding that brought much of the United Kingdom to a flag-waving, street-partying, television-watching halt.
About 100 people were in the church when the bomb exploded, police said.
Investigations are under way to determine who planted the bomb, which damaged the church.
The ship, the MV Thor Star, was hijacked Tuesday with 28 Thai crew members on board, said Andrew Mwangura, a spokesman for the association, which acts on behalf of merchant vessels in the region.
Washington (CNN) -- With the stroke of her pen a few years ago, Arizona Gov.
For example, the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston didn't make the honor roll, but is ranked No.
Under the plan, existing natural canals -- some of them more than 100 kilometers (62 miles) long -- would be linked in a 200-km "super-highway" that would divert the course of floodwaters from the north.
The CDC says the potential anthrax exposure happened between June 6 and June 13.
Only a small number of people were on the trading floor for the test, which NYSE spokesman Eric Ryan called successful.
The United States respects the vote by the British parliament not to participate in a potential military action against Syria, U.S.
New Jersey Gov.
U.N.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) claimed responsibility for the murder, describing the act as "holy jihad."
Jerusalem (CNN) -- Israel and Egypt have reached a prisoner swap agreement that would free a man with Israeli and U.S.
Environmentalists say depleted stocks show the region needs time to recover in order to save it.
The U.S.
Dr.
Senate seat in Louisiana now held by Republican Sen.
In Simon Weisenthal's book, "Sails of Hope," he argues that Columbus' voyage was motivated by a desire to find a safe haven for the Jews in light of their expulsion from Spain.
Delete any number that would make your plasma harden if dialed randomly.
True, she's still got two token I-like-it-rough tracks -- ''Birthday Cake'' and ''Cockiness (Love It)'' -- but they're just filler on an album that's all about dragging you out of the bedroom and onto the dance floor.
In a statement on their Web site, the pair said they will tour one last time next year as a goodbye to fans -- and then call it a day.
Sun Danyong, 25, jumped off the 12th floor of the Foxconn Science and Technology Group in the southern city of Shenzhen last week.
Apple China said it was awaiting the results of an investigation into Sun's death.
The new "Civilization V: Gods and Kings" expansion pack offers players two revamped elements to the iconic real-time strategy game -- faith and spies.
The West African country of Senegal has closed its borders with Guinea over fears that the Ebola outbreak could spread, according to the Senegalese Interior Ministry.
The whole point of the hastily-arranged election in Ukraine was to get a "legitimate" president, of sorts, to emerge in Kiev, even if he would be the best of the worst, as someone said, and attempt to introduce some sense of normality in Ukraine which has been rocked by violence and upheaval since November last year after the then President Viktor Yanukovich walked away from a free association deal with the European Union, and was later ousted as a result.
Wildfires have been burning in northwest and central Oklahoma since Thursday, according to the state Department of Emergency Management.
Two years after Wendi Deng made headlines for forcefully defending her husband -- News Corp.
Her body was covered in gasoline, burned and then dumped in a riverbed, police in Mersin said in a statement.
The body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic when insurgents pulled it out of a car and left it with the crowd in the northern Mogadishu neighborhood of Suqa Holaha, witnesses reported.
Another bad reaction to medication prompted Winehouse to enter a London hospital in July, but she was discharged the next day.
The Grammy-winning Winehouse has suffered a string of health problems in recent years, many related to her battles with drug addiction.
As well as O'Brien's remarkable innings, Ireland's victory marked the highest second innings run chase in World Cup history -- beating Sri Lanka's 313 against Zimbabwe in New Zealand in 1992
T.J.
Obama and congressional Democrats are locked in a fierce political debate with Republicans over government spending and federal deficits, with a showdown pending on mandatory spending cuts set to take effect March 1.
European industrialists are sounding the alarm over a growing skills shortage on the continent that threatens their competitiveness and leaves manufacturing companies scrambling to find enough engineers.
Rand Paul joined New Jersey Gov.
Norovirus is a highly contagious illness that is often called stomach flu or food poisoning, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Jorge Alberto Lopez Orozco is wanted in Elmore County, Idaho, on charges that he shot and killed three people, the FBI said.
The FBI was still working Friday to confirm the identity of the man in custody, said Debbie Dujanovic, a spokeswoman in the agency's Salt Lake City, Utah, field office.
Jorge Alberto Lopez Orozco is wanted in Elmore County, Idaho, on charges that he shot and killed three people, the FBI said.
The ruling late Friday by U.S.
The American Legislative Executive Council, also known as ALEC, is getting attention lately for its behind the scenes work pushing conservative legislation in the states.
Washington (CNN) -- This week, Coca-Cola and Kraft announced they are pulling their corporate memberships from a conservative group that was behind the spread of "stand your ground" laws like the one highlighted in Florida by the Trayvon Martin case.
Washington (CNN) -- This week, Coca-Cola and Kraft announced they are pulling their corporate memberships from a conservative group that was behind the spread of "stand your ground" laws like the one highlighted in Florida by the Trayvon Martin case.
U.S.
Morris was appointed by President Barack Obama in December 2013.
Rep.
Making disrespectful references to China's leaders in public is considered a taboo in China, even today.
The blast occurred as new graduates left a technical school at the base, Libya's state news agency LANA reported, quoting a military source in the city.
Benghazi is where the 2011 uprising against longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi began.
"Our mom was in a class all by herself," her three children said in a statement Thursday.
Through most of American history, the states from Texas to Virginia were among the most uniformly native-born places in the U.S.
"We're not looking to get into an argument, but there is an overriding federal interest in those waterways, and the safety of those waterways is the responsibility of the Coast Guard," said Adm.
1, until she replaced the original Juror No.
Eight died when the same group, marching in a ceremonial parade, came under fire again.
"As I understand it, it was a train going from Canada to the U.S.," Rep.
National Weather Service forecasters say they expect the cold weather to last throughout the week and urged caution.
Authorities say exposure to subfreezing temperatures left at least three people dead in Wisconsin, Minnesota and Illinois.
Two people are in custody in connection with the case.
Micheletti's government isolated the Brazilian embassy by cutting water, power and phone lines to the building, U.S.
Google is apparently also talking with other pro sports leagues, as well as soccer leagues in Europe.
But simple things like photos or images can also create problems if the Web publisher doesn't add alt text to those photos, or relies primarily on images as a way of explaining what is happening on the page.
(CNN) -- The Tamil National Alliance, Sri Lanka's largest Tamil political party, on Thursday called for an international inquiry into a U.N.
(CNN) -- The Tamil National Alliance, Sri Lanka's largest Tamil political party, on Thursday called for an international inquiry into a U.N.
Investigators are still collecting DNA samples and other information necessary to identify the bodies, Attorney General Luisa Ortega told reporters.
Crews combed the wreckage site last week in three dives to recover remains and other material from the wreckage, Ortega said.
Actually, the tape that was the subject of a February court hearing at the historic Chatham County Courthouse was not at the courthouse during the blaze, city officials said.
"Mr.
Pew found that 63% of all teens say they exchange text messages every day with people in their lives, including their parents.
More than 90% of teens from households earning $75,000 or more annually have a cell phone, compared with 62% of teens from households earning less than $30,000 per year.
NAIROBI, Kenya (CNN) -- Three African armies launched a raid on a rebel camp in the Democratic Republic of Congo, the three armies announced on Monday.
Congo's national army joined Ugandan forces and southern Sudanese militia in a military operation Sunday meant to root out pockets of the Lord's Resistance Army -- which had been preparing to launch an assault on Uganda from camps in eastern Congo, a joint statement from the three said.
This month, Nissan Barcelona received $178 million dollars in investment to produce 80,000 cars.
According to the OECD, Spain's labor costs have dropped almost 5% percent from 2009 to 2012.
Limerence has a shelf life.
Once you've transitioned out of infatuation, hormone levels dropping, you either attach or you do the opposite.
The report, by the National Center on Family Homelessness, analyzed data from 2005-06 and found that more than 1.5 million children were without a home.
"We're getting better at knowing what is and what isn't a hoax," he said.
The FDA issued the warning Thursday after it had purchased products over the Internet that were supposed to be Tamiflu and analyzed them.
Do you know a hero?
There's no doubt Christie is mulling a run for president.
The big question, assuming he does run for president, will be whether he can get conservatives he doesn't see eye-to-eye with to support him in order to get to a general election.
And he has competed with Sen.
For a period in the 1930s and 1940s, boosted by the popularity of the "Andy Hardy" series of films, Rooney was the No.
Since Morsy's ouster Egypt's political scene has become extremely polarized, between the former Islamist president's supporters and those who back the military.
Democratic Sens.
World No.
Both women pay for all of their clothes themselves and receive no clothing allowance, according to spokeswomen for both sides.
(Mashable) -- Nearly 6,800 company-operated Starbucks stores in the U.S. will begin accepting mobile payments Wednesday.
You can click through to check out a preview of "Earth Two" issue two, in which Alan Scott's sexuality is revealed to the reader in a decidedly matter-of-fact sort of way.
Derrick Praileau, 29, faces second-degree murder charges in connection with the death of Andree Bejjani, 44.
Reactions posted on the Internet were varied, according to the China Daily.
The body of his son, Navy Cmdr.
The commander's brothers and two of his sons found his body in a debris field near where Regelbrugge lived with his wife, Kris, who also died.
No cases of human-to-human transmission of the H7N9 virus have been confirmed so far.
Jason Puracal, a 35-year-old native of Washington state, had been serving a 22-year sentence for drug-related crimes in one of the Latin American country's most notorious prisons.
According to reports in the British media, Carol Thatcher referred to a tennis player as a "golliwog" back stage during the filming of The One Show last Thursday.
VERO BEACH, Florida (CNN) -- The Rev.
The title track is a nearly 14-minute depiction of the Titanic disaster.
Numerous folk and gospel songs gave accounts of the event, including the Carter Family's "The Titanic," which Dylan drew from.
With only a few hours left in one sale, more than £3,000 ($4,709) has been bid for the basketball used in the men's final won by the U.S. in a close-fought game with Spain.
"I called the Riyadh embassy," she adds, referring to the U.S.
"When I hear gunshot, it's not one or 20.
The Wii U is much more than just a souped up Wii with a tablet controller.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- A soldier used the Quran -- Islam's holy book -- for target practice, forcing the chief U.S.
Winston, who was considered a frontrunner by many college analysts, led the top-ranked Seminoles as a freshman to an undefeated regular season and a chance to play for a national championship in January.
In the movie, Redford plays a lone sailor struggling to stay alive after his sailboat is crippled by a collision with a container ship.
ISTANBUL, Turkey (CNN) -- Turkey's Constitutional Court has rejected a proposed ban on the country's Islamic-rooted ruling party -- the Justice and Development Party, or AKP -- for alleged anti-secularist activities, the leader of the court said Wednesday.
The 3G version of the Kindle Touch with special offers costs $149, 50 percent more than the $99 WiFi version, so this restriction may make the jump from WiFi to 3G much harder for customers to justify when both models become available November 21.
The Kindle Keyboard 3G, while it is still available, will continue to have unfettered Internet access through the experimental browser.
Recently all of the major North American wireless carriers have deployed a centralized spam-reporting service backed by GSMA, a global association of wireless carriers.
According to GSMA, one feature of the new spam-reporting service is that it generates a data feed of spam reports that carriers can integrate into their network security measures.
Organizations that disobey U.S. shortcode rules can find their shortcode lease revoked, or their messages blocked by carriers.
• About 59% of the sexual harassment came from customers, about 41% from fellow workers, including senior cabin crew and cockpit members
The singer has an anger-management problem and drug-abuse issues, according to a probation report obtained by CNN.
Bobbi Kristina Brown, 21, remains in a medically induced coma at Emory University Hosital more than three weeks after she was found unresponsive in a bathtub.
Asked Thursday why President Barack Obama has a hard time in Louisiana -- where his approval rating hovers around 40% -- Democratic Sen.
Abbottabad, Pakistan (VBS.TV) -- Since 2006, Vice has closely followed and chronicled the growing political turmoil in Pakistan, when founder Suroosh Alvi visited the infamous gun market of Darra Adamkhel.
Turned out Hollie Cavanagh, Phillip Phillips, and Colton Dixon were safe this week.
(CNN) -- Two teenage high school students in Georgia face misdemeanor public indecency charges after a sex act allegedly was performed during lunch in the school cafeteria, a school official told CNN.
The stays came from the 11th U.S.
Toni spent the second half of last season on loan at Italian side AS Roma after being deemed surplus to requirements at Bayern by coach Louis van Gaal.
Dr.
Countries are voted onto the Security Council by all 193 U.N. member nations.
Cases date back to 2004, with most of them occurring in Thailand and Taiwan.
Ford announced Monday it is renaming its Lincoln division as the Lincoln Motor Co.
"I'm fighting for my life, and I thought people at the power company would help me," said Randon, who uses a wheelchair.
Judge Jeanette Traverso called the state's case "weak" and said evidence fell "far below" the standard needed for conviction.
The U.S.
Women in their 40s are leading the charge towards adventure.
Investigators are preparing to begin a new search for the recorders in February, the report said.
In the last three months alone, more than 1.7 million jobs have evaporated.
But the end of season two will be another finale of sorts, as judge L.A.
And the smaller form factor makes it extra portable, easy to whip out on the bus or the subway (much like a Kindle).
Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) was banned from operating in the volatile state last week, following protests by ethnic Rakhine nationalists against the organization and other international NGOs.
Qantas CEO Alan Joyce told reporters the leaks were "beyond normal tolerances" and that the planes will not return to service until the airline is "100 percent sure" about their safety,
Afghanistan is the source of 80% of the world's illegal opium, the U.S. government says, yielding $3 billion in sales in 2013, up from $2 billion from the previous year.
They will not face criminal charges, London's Metropolitan Police said.
Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, announced Thursday's filing of an amended civil complaint seeking forfeiture of the Alavi Foundation's interest in the 36-story office tower located on Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan.
Capt.
All 155 people aboard were safely evacuated after the plane skidded to a stop in the river.
Woods' 76th PGA tour win puts him closer to regaining the No.
It is Woods' second tournament win of the young season, adding to the Farmers Insurance Open title he won in January.
The problem is, it's illegal for anyone to charge tourists money to take photos with the endangered primates -- an issue wildlife groups have long been trying to stamp out on the island.
(EW.com) -- "Savages" is Oliver Stone doing what he should have done a long time ago: making a tricky, amoral, down-and-dirty crime thriller that's blessedly free of any social, topical or political relevance.
It's about two marijuana dealers in Laguna Beach who run afoul of a Mexican drug cartel, and the film has nothing at all to say about either undocumented immigrants or the war on drugs.
Anti-austerity protesters are expected to march on the Spanish Parliament later Thursday in the capital, Madrid, as part of an organized movement to bring political change to the country.
"This is a prudent and necessary step as the investigation continues," said Rear Adm.
He was the senior officer on board Enterprise during at least some of the time Capt.
Beijing has laid claim to most of the South China Sea, putting it at odds with several of its neighbors in the region, including the Philippines and Malaysia.
India is co-hosting the four-yearly tournament along with sub-continent neighbors Sri Lanka and Bangladesh, with the opening match taking place in Dhaka on Saturday.
Rock 'n' roll is at the very roots of LHS, as it was co-founded in 2007 by leukemia survivor Mike Peters of the Welsh rock band The Alarm and his friend and fellow survivor James Chippendale.
Satyam Chairman B.
Raju said no board member was aware of what he was doing and he did not profit from the inflated accounts.
The regime is marking the anniversary of the shah's overthrow with a series of events that began this week and culminate on February 11.
Themba-Nyathi represented the splinter MDC faction led by Arthur Mutambara, but he had support of President Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party.
They struggle at school, have higher rates of mental health issues, and suffer from more behavioral problems than their contemporaries.
North Ossetia and the rest of the Caucasus region have been plagued with violence and political instability over the years.
Most of those who play know they have little chance of winning anything.
(EW.com) -- Sony's $230 million alien-zapping sequel "Men In Black 3" topped the box office over the three-day weekend frame with an estimated $55 million.
Marvel's "The Avengers" held strong in second place with $37 million -- a 34 percent drop from last weekend.
Last weekend's openers "Battleship" and "The Dictator" took up the next two spots on the chart.
It said the highest levels measured were so-called beta radiation, which quickly dissipates over short distances and is easily shielded through the use of thin sheets of metal and foil.
Lady Antebellum leads in group nominations with five, while the Eli Young Band has three.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- British TV channels could advertise abortion services for the first time under new advertising rules proposed Thursday by an ad industry group.
Then O'Donnell stumbled upon someone she could relate to: Dr.
Do you know a hero?
(CNN) -- The U.S.
The U.S.
The new building is intended to celebrate Monaco's distinctive coastline and nautical heritage.
Most of the blast victims were working in an area where long wall cutting was taking place.
Triclosan has been incorporated in consumer products for more than 30 years, according to the U.S.
A CDC study found triclosan present in the urine of 75% of the people tested.
The cheapest ticket for the match at London's Wembley Stadium will cost £60 -- roughly $94 -- compared to £75 in 2012., though fans based in the United Kingdom will also have to pay an £8 administration fee.
For the second time since the U.S.-led effort to counter ISIS began, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen.
(CNN) -- Defending champions Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova moved into quarterfinals of their respective tournaments in Barcelona and Stuttgart Thursday as the build-up to next month's French Open gathers pace.
For decades, the U.S. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet.
Many come to Turkey, and the small town of Denizli is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from Iran who are now in limbo.
In other words, if we look back on the last 50 years, we have to not just admit, but agree that we have moved closer to the realization of the true American dream, as articulated by King: "I have a dream that my four children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character."
Texas Gov.
Do you know a hero?
Most of those killed were ISIS militants and Syrian Kurdish fighters, battling for control of Kobani, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Legal experts said Port is not likely to win her case.
Wheeler Hazard Peckham and William B.
Army Sgt.
(CNN) -- British police are investigating the death of a man who was found unconscious at a soccer match on Saturday.
The men were sentenced to death for the April 2011 bombing that killed 15 people and wounded more than 200 at a subway station in Minsk.
Continuing to drive on underinflated tires can cause them to burst, possibly leading to crashes.
Closing arguments are set for Wednesday in the trial of Romero and Ross on federal charges their marriage was an illegal sham, intended only to earn her a U.S. work permit.
The crime was chronicled in Joseph Wambaugh's best-selling book, "The Onion Field" and a movie by the same name.
A low-end, energy-efficient backup phone also can come in handy during smaller-scale emergencies -- if your car breaks down or if you just can't find your regular phone anywhere.
Iraq has been asking Gulf states to waive debts from the Saddam Hussein era.
"He actually danced.
Meanwhile, Premier League crisis club Portsmouth have had a fourth change of ownership in six months, and there is likely to be another before the end of this season.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
News of Cannavaro's return comes less than 24 hours after the Turin-based club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri and replaced him with former player and youth coach Ciro Ferrara.
(CNN) -- Anxiety disorders cost the United States more than $42 billion a year, nearly one-third of the total "economic burden" of mental illness in this country.
Ibrahim was the leader of the Justice and Equality Movement (JEM), considered the most powerful Darfur rebel group.
Fighting between Darfur rebels and the Sudanese army broke out days ago in North Kordofan, as rebels announced an assault on Khartoum.
So when news broke that Frazier Glenn Cross had been charged with one count of capital murder and one count of first-degree premeditated murder in connection with the killings, it didn't come as a surprise to the mayor of Marionville, Missouri.
Dr.
She was a member of the girl singing group G.R.L., which performed last month on ABC's "Good Morning America."
(CNN) -- An official with the Vatican criticized the decision to award the Nobel prize for medicine to British doctor Robert G.
Gadhafi's regime imprisoned thousands of suspected pro-al Qaeda militants after the 2003 U.S.
Some players use a pinch runner once they finally make contact with the ball.
The coroner has not yet ruled on what killed Haim, 38, who died last month after collapsing at the Los Angeles apartment he shared with his mother.
The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Monday that one of its employees was killed in western Darfur last week during fighting.
(Rolling Stone) -- The company that owns "American Idol" is restructuring in light of the show's ratings drop and developing projects for its other assets, including the creative exploitation of Elvis Presley and Muhammad Ali, the New York Times reports.
The model-turned-mogul wrote an opinion piece for the Wall Street Journal in which she made predictions about the future of beauty.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jamsheed K.
The oversaturated, vibrant colors in his work are the result of extensive post production, using Photoshop.
Havel, a chain-smoking, rock-loving intellectual, became one of the world's most famous dissidents in the 1970s for his public writings against Eastern Europe's Communist regimes.
"Truth and love must triumph over lies and hatred," Havel insisted.
(CNN) -- Medecins Sans Frontieres has been banned from operating in Myanmar's strife-torn Rakhine State, following official accusations the aid organization is biased towards the state's persecuted Rohingya minority.
(CNN) -- Saudi Arabia's oil reserves may have been grossly overestimated and its capacity to continue pumping at current capacity exaggerated, according to a U.S. diplomatic cable sent from the kingdom in 2007.
According to Nielsen demographic data, 46% of the Super Bowl viewing audience is female, and more women watch the game than the Oscars, Grammys and Emmys combined.
"He's no-nonsense.
U.S. law enforcement is watching a small number of Americans for possible affiliation with the group.
Authorities have said they are looking into whether the gunman, who was killed, had ties to such a group.
Industry bids for the Army uniform project have been submitted and will be put to the test against current Defense Department camouflage patterns such as those already used by the Marines and the Navy.
The American health care system is well-prepared for Ebola patients, experts say.
Next March will see the NBA stage its first ever regular season games in London.
It also named four members to a review panel that will evaluate the FAA's controller training programs to make sure new controllers are properly prepared.
The panel will submit a report to FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt this fall.
(CNN) -- A U.S.
Nearly half of U.S.
She now has four of the octuplets at home, along with her six other children.
Suleman instead will rely on nurses whom she is paying, Suleman's attorney said.
In an opinion piece in Spain's El Pais, Tony Tyler argues that European airlines face "significant hurdles to sustained profitability, starting with the cost of airport and airways infrastructure."
(CNN) -- U.N.
Since then, Nasser has volunteered to help other young brides, and is working to raise the legal age for marriage in Yemen.
Nominate your Hero at CNN.com/Heroes
The statistics were released by Rep.
His recovery from the crash took longer and was more painful than was publicly known at the time.
Barker will be on the road in March and April with Wayne and Rick Ross for the "I Am Still Music Tour."
He added teachers can ban their exams from the site if they don't want students sharing them online.
(CNN) -- Whether it's topping the podium at the Olympics and World Cup events or finding a welcome diversion away from the pressure cooker atmosphere of international competition, the U.S.
On Monday morning the U.S.
And Sesame is trying to use that following to foster a culture of understanding worldwide, beginning with children.
Several religious groups have expressed concern that a hate-crimes law could be used to criminalize conservative speech relating to subjects such as abortion or homosexuality.
The amnesty will not apply to those suspected of carrying out the July shooting down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over eastern Ukraine.
On average, 4,000 people die a year on Mumbai's railways, crushed under trains, electrocuted by overhead power lines or killed as they lean from jam-packed carriages to gasp for air.
At peak hours more than 550 people cram into a carriage built for 200.
Angry passengers riot a few times each year, rampaging through stations and, occasionally, torching trains and clashing with police.
CNN.com gets thousands of comments on its stories every day.
Our audience makes valuable contributions to CNN's coverage by giving us a broader view of the day's events.
U.S. officials say they are taking advantage of what they call "precise intelligence."
The three men have steadfastly denied the charges and the Qatari-owned Al Jazeera network has said "they were just doing their job covering and challenging all sides of the story in Egypt."
Rep.
Kareema Cross also saw babies or fetal remains in a toilet, a plastic box and jars, she told the court in the trial of Dr.
Flo Rida is perhaps best known for his 2008 hits "Low" featuring T-Pain, and "In the Ayer" featuring Will.i.am.
Ruthanne Lodato, 59, was shot to death when she answered a knock on her front door Thursday morning.
Not showing the video at all, however, risks sanitizing the grim reality of the world.
The person who authorities say is responsible, 17-year-old T.J.
(CNN) -- North Korean leader Kim Jong-il has added his brother-in-law to a military board in a move analysts say paves the way for an heir, according to South Korea's state-sponsored Yonhap news agency.
Coalition forces tracked him down inside a building in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, which "served as a key command and control location for AQI," according to the military.
The U.S. military described Abu Qaswarah as a "charismatic" leader who rallied al Qaeda in Iraq's northern network after "major setbacks to the terrorist organization across Iraq."
"I do not believe there's going to be any retribution from conservatives over this," Jon Brabender, a Republican strategist and a longtime senior political adviser to former GOP Sen.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- David Letterman told his audience Thursday that he is the victim of an alleged extortion attempt and admitted to having sexual relations with several members of his staff, according to a press release from his production company.
"It's not on the San Andreas fault.
Washington (CNN) -- Retired Gen.
Police said no officers were patrolling the region at the time of the incident.
This is a public health crisis, and the answer isn't another White House political operative," Sen.
Three out of four automotive transactions in the U.S.
Texas has more used vehicles than any other state (more than 220,000); Houston alone has more than 32,000 on the market at any given time.
That's nearly twice the 540,208 signatures required to seek a recall of first-term Republican Gov.
(RollingStone.com) -- Bob Dylan has signed a six-book deal with Simon & Schuster, according to Crain's New York Business, encompassing two sequels to his acclaimed 2004 book "Chronicles: Volume One" as well as another book based on dialogue from his Sirius/XM radio show "Theme Time Radio Hour."
Don't turn Valentine's Day into a Cry Day, a Moping Day or a Drinking Day.
The statue shows Keller -- who lost her sight and hearing to illness when she was 19 months old -- standing at a water pump as a 7-year-old, a look of recognition on her face as water streams into her hand.
New Delhi, India (CNN) -- Two bomb blasts killed at least 15 people and wounded 119 others on Thursday in the southern Indian city of Hyderabad, the city's police commissioner, Anurag Sharma, said a day after the attack.
Outgoing Maryland Gov.
(EW.com) -- Get ready for this: J.K.
Potter fans have been waiting for years for Rowling to revisit the magical world she created, and social website Pottermore has only managed to slightly quench our literary thirst.
PARIS, France (CNN) -- Debris from Air France 447, which crashed en route from Brazil to France last month, killing 228 people, has arrived in France, the French air accident investigation agency BEA said Wednesday.
(CNN) -- Doctors Without Borders has embarked on a massive vaccination campaign in three African countries to combat an outbreak of meningitis that has killed hundreds of people, the organization said Wednesday.
The intended Japanese mother decided she did not want the baby.
The shooting occurred Monday in the Chardon High School's cafeteria where authorities say T.J.
"We lose at least one great comic to suicide or ODs every year," tweeted comedian Michael Ian Black on Monday.
U.S.
The U.N.
He replaces Frenchman Paul Le Guen, who stepped down from the role after Cameroon lost all three matches at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.
The 60-year-old, who has previous international experience with Spain and Serbia, returns to management after a short stint at relegated La Liga club Real Valladolid at the end of last season.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- The U.S. military formally handed authority over Baghdad's "Green Zone" to Iraqis on Thursday as new pacts governing the mission of international troops replaced a U.N.
Soon after Gadhafi's interview, U.S.
More than 10 states around the Midwest and Southeast have reported seeing similarly high numbers of hospitalizations for children with severe respiratory illnesses.
(CNN) -- The U.S. military, facing continuing protests over drone strikes, has halted military cargo shipments from Afghanistan, citing a potential risk to drivers and contractors along the route once it enters Pakistan.
Iran oil production has fallen to a 10-year low and could drop further as sanctions over its nuclear programme disrupt an industry already suffering from years of under-investment.
The Serbian Football Association painted a very different picture of events on Tuesday, saying it "absolutely refuses and denies that there were any occurrences of racism before and during the match at the stadium in Krusevac".
BOSTON, Massachusetts (CNN) -- The U.S.
The Punjab police department ordered Azad and tens of thousands of his fellow officers to shape up because police officials said they couldn't find enough fit officers to fill jobs at 40 new state-of-the-art police stations that are scheduled to open by the end of the year.
Pakistan's police officers are often on the front line in the fight against violent extremist groups that have increasingly moved to urban areas and major cities.
Dr.
Rep.
Colombian Gen.
(CNN) -- Self-help guru James Ray was arrested Wednesday after a grand jury indictment charging him with three counts of manslaughter in the deaths of three participants at an Arizona sweat lodge ceremony he organized last year.
"We did a test with a capsule in a tube 12 meters long," said engineer Rene Aguilar.
The Race Track Industry Program at the University of Arizona is the only program of its kind, providing students with the background necessary for a number of career paths in the horse racing industry.
Stanley McChrystal, right, arrives at a U.S. base in Logar Province, Afghanistan, last month.
Having already won four of the five giant slalom events so far this season, Friday's victory was not so much of a surprise, but it catapults the U.S.
(CNN) -- Spaniard Jorge Lorenzo will miss the final race of 2011 MotoGP season in Valencia this weekend as he continues to recover from a finger injury.
Speaking after his death in Los Angeles was announced, U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev.
Sketched by artist Robert Austin, the young queen first appeared in a £1 note in 1960 wearing a crown, earrings and a necklace, her likeness replacing images of Britannia -- a female symbol of Britain used on the country's currency for centuries.
Six people have been admitted to a local hospital with serious injuries, and police are checking the area for more victims.
Clemons played on such classic hits as "Born to Run" and "Thunder Road" and is widely credited with helping to shape Springsteen's sound.
(CNN) -- World No.
SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- Former South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun committed suicide Saturday by leaping to his death from a hill behind his house, the government announced.
World No.
The average price for winning a Senate seat reached nearly $10 million in that cycle.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is asking for an ethics investigation of Wu, a seven-term congressman and a Democrat.
Russia's large military is in the midst of a much-needed modernization program.
It all came to a boil in November when Beijing's Environmental Monitoring Center reported the city's air quality as "slightly polluted," while the U.S.
Experts say Beijing's adoption of PM2.5 this week shows the growing influence of local public opinion.
Organizers hope that the all-lesbian team offers a safe haven for the players who previously suffered discrimination for being openly gay -- the worst manifestation of this being the "corrective rape" of two of the squad members.
The Magnolia State has an adult obesity rate of 33% and has the highest rate of overweight and obese children in the country, but Paul Lacoste said he's inspired to help his home state get fit.
Millions of people worldwide apply for the 50,000 permanent resident visas issued a year to relocate to the U.S.
(CNN) -- Taylor Farms has recalled more than 5,000 pounds of broccoli salad kit products because of possible Listeria contamination, the U.S.
The coroner's office is investigating the cause of Jackson's June 25 death.
eL Seed said he was reacting to clashes between hardline Islamist Salafists and artists at an art fair in Tunis in June that showed works the Salafists believed was insulting to Islam.
(CNN) -- Mexico bounced back from two successive defeats to beat Trinidad and Tobago 2-1 on Wednesday and keep alive hopes of qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals.
He was one of the three noted intellectuals who were publicly criticized during the "anti-bourgeois liberalization" campaign at that time, though Fang continued to speak out for democracy.
(CNN) -- Dutch champions AZ Alkmaar have confirmed Dick Advocaat as their new head coach until the end of the season.
(CNN) -- Spanish football giants Barcelona have confirmed they have signed a huge new shirt sponsorship deal with the non-profit Qatar Foundation -- the first time they have received money to display a logo on their jerseys in the club's history.
Children's charity UNICEF has appeared on the club's shirts in recent seasons and their logo will continue to feature prominently.
Washington (CNN) -- Outgoing Rep.
A total of 380 games in Europe -- including World Cup and European Championship qualifiers -- have been deemed suspicious, with 425 match and club officials and criminals involved from 15 different countries.
A total of 380 games in Europe -- including World Cup and European Championship qualifiers -- have been deemed suspicious, with 425 match and club officials and criminals involved from 15 different countries.
Rep.
He was able to walk from the pitch but doctors said that he collapsed again in the changing rooms and had to be given cardiac resuscitation before being taken to hospital where he remained on a life support system.
But Wisconsin Gov.
Washington (CNN) -- Arizona Gov.
I don't care," Kerry said when Republican Sen.
He should be considered armed and dangerous, the FBI said.
The patient is Cpl.
Hillary Clinton has said repeatedly that she is a stronger candidate because she has already shown she can withstand conservative attacks.
Protests began Saturday night to commemorate the December 2008 killing of 15-year-old Alexandros Grigoropoulos, whose death at the hands of police sparked rioting at the time by young self-styled anarchists across Greece.
On Wednesday, Rep.
The Pentagon said two Iranian jets fired on an unmanned U.S.
Do you know a hero?
We don't know how much of "The Rum Diary" he composed in the late '50s and how much he wrote later on (the novel wasn't actually published until 1998), but I like to think that whatever was written by early-20s Thompson was written by a guy that already believed strongly in the notion that his own career momentum should take him down the path of madness, for better or worse.
"I'm overwhelmed.
Stories of Summer '07 - Catch up on some of the big news stories from the summer of 2007.
Hurricane Dean - Find out how some U.S. officials are preparing for Hurricane Dean.
Earthquake in Peru: Learn about relief efforts in Peru following a deadly earthquake.
Williams' often raunchy style has drawn comparisons to comedy legend Richard Pryor, but Maupin said there is a "noticeable difference" in Pryor's joking about race and what Williams said in Phoenix.
About 30 opponents of the move -- "mostly hetero allies of the gay community" -- protested Sunday outside the church during Mass, said Dave Ensign, board president of Boulder Pride, a lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community center and services organization.
He was awarded the USAfrica Business Person of the Year in 1997 and in 2002 CAMAC was named the largest African-American owned company on the Black Enterprise 100s list.
The new season premieres on Bravo November 7 at 10 p.m.
This year's crop of 21 contestants are drawn from some of the top local restaurants in the U.S., including chefs from Washington, D.C., Boston, Dallas, Los Angeles, and as far away as Hawaii.
(CNN) -- The battle for men's tennis supremacy in 2012 will boil down to the U.S.
(CNN) -- The battle for men's tennis supremacy in 2012 will boil down to the U.S.
The case that brought him to international prominence began in 2005.
The shift comes after an airstrike last week in Logar province that killed 18 people, including women and children.
President Barack Obama and Netanyahu met Wednesday evening in Washington to discuss Israel's plans for new housing units in East Jerusalem.
The L.A.
Kenyan officials sent mediators into Somalia a day later to negotiate her release.
iReporters were on hand to capture this extraordinary astronomical moment for CNN, sending in images from across the region -- from Australia, New Zealand and even from a cruise ship hundreds of miles off the Australian coast.
Onlookers gathered at vantage points on beaches, in boats and even hot air balloons to catch a glimpse of the celestial light show which, according to NASA, is unlikely to be seen again in the same region for another 360 years.
(CNN) -- The U.S. military has identified frozen remains found atop a California glacier as those of a World War II era airman who vanished more than half a century ago.
Ernest G.
"I have seen children slaughtered.
That's because new media have created a slew of investigative reporters among average citizens through personal blogs, Twitter, YouTube, talk-show radio, cellphone cameras and recorders, Facebook and fan websites.
(CNN) -- Europe's women hold a slender advantage over the U.S. team at the midway point of The 2013 Solheim Cup at the Colorado Golf Club on Saturday.
3-D gesture control on a laptop could offer more interactive, Kinect-style PC gaming, as well as new computer interfaces and ways to control one's notebook.
The Xbox Kinect console itself is already in 18 million households the world over.
The government shutdown led U.S.
In February, President Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates overturned a policy that dated back to the first Persian Gulf war.
Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia and are currently holding 11, according to information from Spanish Defense Minister Carme Chacon.
Blythe had pledged "to serve my sentence like a man" if found guilty by the Czech courts and to work tirelessly to prevent another such tragedy from ever occurring at a Lamb of God show "or any other show" -- if found innocent.
(CNN) -- AC Milan kept up the pressure on Serie A table-toppers and city rivals Inter Milan with a 3-0 win at Juventus on Sunday night -- a result which turns the heat firmly on home coach Ciro Ferrara.
The Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago, made up of some 4,000 tents and counting.
Brittanee is believed to have last been seen Saturday evening, though an unconfirmed sighting may have placed her at a restaurant on Sunday.
(CNN) -- AC Milan went top of Serie A for the first time this season with a 3-1 victory over Palermo in the San Siro as previous leaders Lazio lost 1-0 at newly-promoted Cesena Wednesday.
Saudi Arabia is not yet accusing anyone over the attack, "but this was planned and a group of gunmen were involved in the killing of the Saudi official," according to the senior Saudi official, who asked not to be named as he is not authorized to speak to the media.
Former President George W.
A team of strategists, analysts and techies will monitor the digital fan conversation via Facebook, Twitter and other platforms from a 2,800-square-foot space downtown.
The command center will utilize more than a mile of Ethernet cable and more than 150 square feet of networked screen space.
But the AAA Auto Club warns the short-term savings could spiral into long-term expenses.
While the execs at Fox are clinking their champagne glasses together, the suits over at CBS Films are likely getting ready to throw an all-out party after the the second-place debut of "The Woman in Black," which earned $21 million this weekend and became the young studio's first real hit.
In third, Liam Neeson's snowy survival entry "The Grey" dipped 52 percent to $9.5 million, giving it a ten-day total of $34.8 million.
Clicking either button will open up a list of time-specific daily deals, based on his or her location.
The Disney company purchased the "Star Wars" franchise from creator George Lucas in 2013.
North Korea appeared to have conducted its third underground nuclear bomb test February 12, as the U.S.
The epicenter of the magnitude 4.9 event has little to no history of earthquakes, according to the U.S.
The USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service says stores in nine states may have received beef contaminated with E. coli O157:H7.
Evans confirmed the news exclusively to Star magazine and tweeted a link to a Radar.com report earlier today that says she's due in September.
Evans also has a son, Jace, from a prior relationship, who is in the custody of her mother.
75 percent of U.S. adults are projected to be overweight or obese by 2015, according to researchers.
Cheng and his group won a Grammy for best metal performance in 2001.
The death led Cowperthwaite to make a documentary, raising questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity over the past 39 years.
Second place went to "Taken," which added another $11.4 million to its four-week tally, bringing said total to $95.2 million.
Police have interviewed as many as 80 people, but no arrests have been made.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Chesley B.
The subcommittee is investigating what went wrong at the compounding company and why it was able to continue to function despite a history of problems.
The attack occurred in downtown Conakry, the capital city of the West African nation early Tuesday morning and the battle lasted two hours.
Authorities believe the attackers may have been soldiers with the Guinean army, said Durus Yale Dore, a government spokesman.
They said Troy Dale West Jr. was released on a $320,000 bond.
(CNN) -- The U.S. diplomatic cables obtained and released by WikiLeaks frequently rely on unnamed sources for delicate information.
BP and its two contractors -- Halliburton and Transocean, which owned the Deepwater Horizon rig where the explosion occurred -- have been locked in legal battles since last year.
"These guys, they don't get it," Rep.
She is currently ranked joint-second on the all-time undefeated list; although the run of 54 wins without reply put together by 19th century Hungarian horse Kincsem may yet prove unassailable, even for Black Caviar.
(CNN) -- South Korea's first female president Park Geun Hye will take office on Monday in the shadow of two giants -- the first is the specter of a nuclear-armed North Korea and the second is the legacy of her father, former military dictator Park Chung Hee.
You'd be able to literally see all around you, including behind yourself, and zooming in at will, creating a "stereoscopic/binocular system, simultaneously providing 10x zoom to both eyes."
Islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous and thus prohibited in their religion.
Liu Han, 48, the former chairman of Hanlong Group, was executed along with his brother, Liu Wei, and three associates, official news agency Xinhua reported.
The story of his father's transformation can be seen on "Her Name Was Steven" at 8 and 11 p.m.
Perhaps his garage-rock side-project Grinderman has allowed for a return to more reflective material, but as ever the Bad Seeds are peerless in switching from quiet to crashingly loud on songs like "Stagger Lee," always a highlight of a Bad Seeds gig.
"The economy is at the bottom.
Abe, 58, is the nation's seventh prime minister in six years.
Investigators have said the cargo and the failure to tie it down properly was partially responsible for the sinking of the ferry Sewol, which was carrying 467 passengers and crew -- including more than 300 high school students on a field trip.
Roughly 4,000 kamikaze pilots died and 34 U.S.
(CNN) -- Three Napoli fans received hospital treatment and one remains in a critical condition Sunday after violence marred the Italian Cup final between Napoli and Fiorentina in Rome.
Prosecutors say the couple argued and he shot her in anger.
Dr.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis' election comedy "The Campaign" took second place with $27.4 million.
Hirscher increased his lead in the giant slalom standings to 60 points over Ligety and pulled to within 100 points of Norway's Aksel Lund Svindal in the overall standings.
Australia's Simon Gerrans retained the leader's yellow jersey following the 228.5 kilometer stretch -- the second longest stage of the Tour.
(CNN) -- The Australian navy has destroyed nearly 353 kilograms (780 pounds) of heroin after intercepting the drugs on a smuggling vessel off the coast of Tanzania, the Australian Department of Defense said Friday.
A team from the aircraft carrier HMAS Melbourne boarded the smuggler ship Wednesday during a sweep, according to a prepared statement.
"When we all reunited ...
"Do you understand what he did in this country?"
Washington (CNN) -- The United States is watching closely to the see the ultimate fate of the most powerful man in Pakistan, Gen.
Adm.
4G networks are currently underdeveloped, but carriers have been strongly pushing their networks nonetheless.
For example, AT&T's brand-new LTE network is only available in five urban markets (though the carrier does plan to cover 80% of the populace by 2013).
It's a large number, yes, but Verizon's LTE network is available to just 110 of the nation's estimated 307 million people.
(CNN) -- Justin Gatlin made it three wins from three races sinces his return to competitive athletics with victory in a 100 meters race in Tallinn, Estonia, on Sunday.
The former world No.
By comparison, the cost of a weeklong stay at the most expensive destination TripAdvisor looked at -- St.
Editor's note: Dr.
Protesters see the race as a publicity stunt by the country's rulers to make the nation seem more unified than it actually is.
Troy "Trombone Shorty" Andrews performs on the Gentilly stage at the New Orleans Jazz Festival.
"The Ambassador" is a damning movie on almost every level.
Concept Korea is a collaborative show organized by the Ministry of Culture, among other state agencies.
The show concerns itself, among other things, with who "owns" paradise.
Heavy Gmail users will also be pleased to learn that there's a new search function -- that is, you can now access Advanced Search by clicking on the search bar.
These libraries partnered with Google to get their book digitization efforts off the ground and, in return, Google has provided them with digital copies of the works.
He embarked on a project to paint all 114 suras (chapters) -- but in a way that no one had done before.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- For many U.S.
Police still do not know how Peterson traveled cross-country to New York City.
The Temple Mount in Jerusalem is the holiest site in Judaism and the third-holiest site in Islam.
Jews call it the Temple Mount, and Muslims know it as Haram al-Sharif, or the Noble Sanctuary.
He is charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in Tuesday's attack, in which 14 people were wounded -- at least some of them with a utility knife.
The Recent Stories option will order News Feed items in reverse chronological order, though it is not as comprehensive as Facebook's real-time "Ticker".
In 2011, Iran twice announced plans to send ships toward the U.S. maritime borders.
Raimer said RapidShare technicians type words like "movies, free download" into search engines to look for illegal movie and TV show downloads on the site.
(CNN) -- The aircraft that Capt.
She said the U.N.
Lisa Marie Nowak, 46, is accused of stalking Air Force Capt.
Actor Morgan Freeman served as master of ceremonies for the program at the White House, which will be broadcast on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Brown and her family are being evicted not because of anything they did, but because her landlord defaulted on the mortgage and the house fell into foreclosure.
After a long period of quiet in its ongoing "Troubles" between Catholics and Protestants, Northern Ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent months.
The district is where the U.S.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraqi forces detained the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network believed to be funded by Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter, who is wanted by Iraqi authorities on terrorism charges, the U.S. military announced Monday.
The 30-year-old doctor in residency failed to show up for work on December 6 in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
(CNN) -- Sen.
The Pulse app costs $1.99 for the iPad and 99 cents for the iPhone and mobile Android devices.
Saturday marks the 25th anniversary of the original Macintosh, the first personal computer to draw masses, introduce the mouse and incorporate a graphical user interface, relying on images instead of text.
But he said his love of the law was nurtured decades earlier by a professor's dedication and the enduring power of a political dispute that blossomed into a landmark decision known as Marbury v.
This decision could establish important precedent on the discretion of U.S. courts to decide where youngsters caught in parental fights should stay.
And last month, exploding targets got even more notoriety when the U.S.
(CNN) -- Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder David Beckham has revealed he is set to miss the entire Major League Soccer (MLS) season with the Achilles injury that ended his 2010 World Cup dream.
(CNN) -- Manchester United manager David Moyes says he and his slumping team are "desperate" to turn things around -- and hopes the reversal of fortune begins in the Champions League.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- The one-star general almost yells when asked to talk about the infamous Abu Ghraib photos showing U.S.
Under China's strict family planning law, which limits most married couples to only one child, Feng and Deng are ineligible to have a second child.
His case is similar to that of John Demjanjuk, the Ukrainian-born Ohio man who spent more than two decades fighting charges that he was a Nazi war criminal before he died this year.
The Sakirin Mosque was commissioned by a wealthy Turkish Arab family and built in one of Istanbul's oldest cemeteries.
(CNN) -- Mo Martin produced the performance of her life to secure her first major title with victory at the Women's British Open at Royal Birkdale Sunday.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward P.
"It's not any different than those who claim to be Christians or Jews or Hindus and commit atrocious acts," Democratic Rep.
Five other construction workers based in Elizabeth, New Jersey, will share the jackpot after a state court ruled unanimously that Lopes had fraudulently claimed the entire bounty.
The $38.5 million ticket amounted to $24 million after Lopes chose the cash option.
They are expected to be awarded about $2 million each, after taxes and attorneys' fees, she said.
One woman died near Rome early Thursday when her car was submerged by a wave of water and mud in an underpass.
There are hundreds of underground tunnels -- big and small -- in the vast Sinai Desert area.
"We are certainly forthcoming and transparent about the fact that we missed a diagnosis on the 25th and 26th, and we've said over again that that's something that we deeply regret and wish we could have hit the diagnosis right then."
David Buick, who invented the overhead valve engine, founded the Buick Motor Car Co. in 1903.
The Toyota name came from the Toyoda loom works in Kariya, Japan; When it turned to car production, the Toyoda family changed the 'd' to a 't' to make it simpler and more elegant in Japanese script.
Keselowski then got into a wreck of his own after the race resumed.
St.
The Yard includes the headquarters for the Naval Historical Center and the U.S.
No formal declaration of victory is expected at least until Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa returns to the country from Amman, Jordan, where he is attending the World Economic Forum.
An estimated 50,000 more patients are alive today that wouldn't be if hospitals kept making the same number of mistakes they did in 2010, according to this new report from the Health and Human Services Department (HHS).
The band has decided to push their creativity and musicality.
The Joint shows run through February 19, but Lee hopes the band can take lessons from the residency with them on the road.
Dispersants are a common product used to clean and control oil spills in the ocean.
He identified his son as Yahya Yusuf and said he plans to escort his son back to California from Hawaii.
LiquiGlide is made from a secret cocktail of edible, nontoxic materials that can be sprayed into bottles or other food containers.
Instagram announced Monday it will be adapting user photos and data into Web-based profiles for people to enjoy from laptops or desktops.
Each Web profile will feature a selection of recently shared photographs along with the user's profile photo and bio, offering a quick visual snapshot of someone's interests and aesthetic.
The events in Ferguson, Missouri, are a "tragedy," but the U.N.
The report detailed some of the ways is says North Korea -- formally known as the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) -- gets around U.N.
If the answer's yes, consider Brisbane, Australia, one of the world's most livable cities, according to a 2014 Monocle Magazine index.
(Mashable) -- New mobile photo apps such as Instagram, Picplz and Path represent the next generation of photo sharing -- where high quality photos are snapped and shared in seconds on your mobile device.
CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN) -- Democratic White House hopeful Sen.
The center of the quake was roughly 215 miles south of David, Panama, and almost 330 miles southwest of the capital, Panama City, the USGS said.
Pentagon officials are readying a plan that would deploy U.S. military advisers to the volatile Iraqi province of Anbar to advise and assist Iraqi security forces in a region currently dominated by ISIS militants.
The 2010 U.S.
In his "Wastebook 2012" report, Sen.
The U.N. report said the human cost of the Afghan conflict is escalating, with killings and attacks on children by the Taliban and other insurgent groups soaring.
(CNN) -- For five years, Taliban militants held Sgt.
The airline industry has fought efforts to require the barriers, saying airlines should be allowed to decide for themselves if the barriers would improve security.
The Final Four games will be played Saturday in Arlington, Texas.
They face up to 15 years in federal prison and a maximum $250,000 fine if convicted.
"Game of Thrones" has been filmed in Northern Ireland since 2009, contributing millions of dollars to the local economy during the past five years, providing thousands of jobs, and encouraging tourism to a region once bitterly divided by sectarian violence.
(CNN) -- Diplomats attending the U.N.
(CNN) -- An Alaska judge warned Gov.
On a scale of 1 to 10 on the laugh meter, "Jack and Jill" is a negative 10.
L.A. ad exec Jack Sadelstein (Sandler the guy) is gritting his teeth over a holiday visit from his loudmouthed, overweight twin Jill (Sandler in drag, showing an unfailing grasp of the obvious).
The plot is a stew of half-baked ideas that quickly turns rancid.
"Balti" is Tunisia's best-known rapper and one of the founding fathers of hip-hop music in the country.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Somali pirates hijacked the M/V Win Far on April 6.
The trouble was apparently due to excessive re-mirroring of its Elastic Block Storage (EBS) volumes -- this essentially created countless new backups of the EBS volumes that took up Amazon's storage capacity and triggered a cascading effect that caused downtime on hundreds (or more likely thousands) of websites for almost 24 hours.
The settlement is the largest civil penalty ever recovered under the Clean Water Act, instituted in 1972.
The Internet-connected TV is an idea that's finally ripe for consumer adoption.
In the widened wake of Friday's horrific shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut, The Weinstein Company has canceled Tuesday's planned Los Angeles premiere of "Django Unchained."
(CNN) -- Investigators expanded their search into Texas Monday for a 7-year-old girl who was reported missing after her mother was found dead in Oklahoma Sunday night.
He and the girl are believed to be traveling in his car, a white 1992 Toyota Paseo with Oklahoma tag number 577-BPW.
The Malaysian, also known as Marwan, was on the FBI most-wanted list for "providing material support to terrorists, conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists" and contributing "goods and services" to a global terror network.
In the past, Philippine officials made premature announcements about the capture and deaths of Indonesian fugitives Dulmatin, who turned up in Indonesia in 2010, and Umar Patek, who was captured in Pakistan last year.
A third friend of Tsarnaev's, Dias Kadyrbayev, pleaded guilty in August to conspiring to obstruct justice and obstructing justice with the intent to impede the bombing investigation.
"It's localized in my lung area," Zohn, 37, says.
After 12 weeks of treatment, Zohn hopes to undergo another stem-cell transplant -- this time from one of his brothers, who is a likely match.
(CNN) -- Nissan Motor Company announced the return of the Datsun brand after 30 years, with plans to introduce a low-cost car in several emerging markets in 2014.
The soundtrack to the film -- which contains that "Better Man" -- is for those hardcore fans.
The emotional high point may be "Crown of Thorns," from a gig in 2000.
"I don't even really go to the mall anymore," he said.
Smoking rates in the U.S. have dropped dramatically over the past several decades, falling from 40% in 1965 to about 20% in 2006.
The decline in heavy smoking appears to be linked to a subsequent decline in lung cancer.
Chinese and Thai dishes typically contain enough food for two or three people.
Seven U.S. service members and three U.S.
In 1985, Meng Weina set up China's first private special needs school in the southern city of Guangzhou.
To this day, the event and the images continue to shape international perceptions of the country.
The announcement comes less than a year after Iranian nuclear facilities were targeted by a highly specialized computer worm called Stuxnet.
The group got its start two years ago when Dave Stewart called Jagger from his home in Jamaica.
Still, with its mid-season finale airing tonight, "Revolution" has garnered competitive ratings, and helped NBC win November sweeps for the first time in nine years.
A news conference is scheduled for 1 p.m.
The CiU is raising the debate on sovereignty at a time of public frustration over taxes in Catalonia.
Reynolds told CNN she was shown photographs of what appeared to be her daughter's blood discovered on the child's slippers and on a doll in her bedroom, and a silver-dollar-sized stain on a living room sofa.
A child prodigy, she has toured with some of the greatest names in jazz over the past two decades, including luminaries such as Herbie Hancock, Dizzy Gillespie, Al Jarreau, Joe Sample and Stan Getz.
However, this week's brouhaha over U.S.
Jackson's burial has been delayed by division among Jackson family members, though it was matriarch Katherine Jackson who would make the final decision, brother Jermaine Jackson recently told CNN.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen.
(CNN) -- Sen.
The egg industry has been a frequent target of animal rights groups, which accuse suppliers of keeping hens in unusually cruel conditions, and have sometimes used undercover videos to prove their point.
The queen is on a historic four-day visit to the Republic of Ireland, the first by a British monarch since Irish independence from London 90 years ago.
The gunman appears to have died from a self-inflicted wound, the sources told CNN.
An assistant to Besigye said the opposition leader is in serious condition and that his doctors have deemed him "too weak" to talk to anyone.
Retired Col.
Prejean, in exchange, withdrew her suit accusing the pageant of violating her privacy by confirming to reporters that her breasts were fake, he said.
In a report Monday, the Vatican had said that gays and lesbians have "gifts to offer" the Christian community and acknowledged that same-sex couples can give "precious support" to one other.
Junior defensive tackle Eric LeGrand has no movement below his neck due to the injury at the C3 and C4 level of the spinal cord, according to a statement from the university's athletics department.
Doctors at Hackensack University Medical Center performed emergency surgery on LeGrand overnight Saturday to stabilize his injured spine, the university said, but hospital officials declined to comment Monday about LeGrand's injury or condition, citing patient privacy laws.
The metals are not thought to pose an environmental risk, she said.
The Liberian-flagged vessel struck the reef in October and has split in two.
New research from Localytics claims that Android fragmentation might be becoming less of a issue.
Screen size and resolution are also key variables for creating Android apps.
"I would like to publicly apologize to Beck.
Bruno Mars got more than an apology Thursday.
(CNN) -- Some found it shocking when Oregon Gov.
During a bitter election campaign, government officials accused him of wanting to turn his back on Europe, NATO and the United States, to return Georgia to Russia's sphere of influence.
(CNN) -- Republicans and Democrats raised serious concerns more than two years ago with the Obama administration about the possibility of swapping Taliban prisoners for captured Army Sgt.
When the revolution began, the groups joined forces and led many of the protests in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
Al-Shabaab said the attack was retaliation for mosque raids that Kenyan security forces carried out last month to weed out extremists.
Last month, the Islamist militants ambushed a bus in Kenya and sprayed bullets on those who failed to recite Quran verses, killing at least 28 people, authorities said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Justice Department and Seattle announced a settlement Friday over long-simmering allegations of excessive force by police officers.
Iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold, but there have been no reports as to whether a new sentence has been imposed.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Thursday that 943 people in 40 states, the District of Columbia, and Canada have become ill.
Sen.
Washington (CNN) -- A commission set up to assess national security measures on Tuesday gave the U.S. government a failing grade in improving response time to a biological attack.
Relief organizations are calling on the international community to join together to end the crisis, and they're working to gain entrance into areas with limited humanitarian access.
"There are still hostages, and there are still terrorists," a senior U.S. official said.
Many copies of "Mona Lisa" were painted years after the fact, but this copy is different, experts say, because evidence shows it was painted at the same time and in the same studio as the original masterpiece, probably by one of Leonardo's assistants or pupils.
"Halo: Reach" (Microsoft, Xbox 360) -- Despite sticking to the by-now-familiar sci-fi run-n-gun formula, this sequel offered massive, multitiered stages and a raft of endlessly entertaining online multiplayer modes to ensure you'll be ventilating squealing aliens well into 2011.
U.N.
After Europe's long winter, Head reported a 13.1% decline in sportswear sales in the first quarter of 2013 compared to the previous year.
More than 8,000 people have now been killed, including many women and children, the U.N. said this month.
(CNN) -- Rapper Lil Wayne was detained by U.S.
(CNN) -- Rock group R.E.M. debuted a song from its upcoming album Wednesday on CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360°" program.
The jacket is the brainchild of Zane Lamprey ,executive producer and host of "Chug," a fan-funded television show about, you guessed it, drinking.
STDs affect not only individuals' health, but also the economy, the CDC said -- the conditions cost the U.S. health care system as much as $15.3 billion annually.
(CNN) -- Mexico dealt a body blow to the World Cup chances of former champions France with 2-0 win over Les Bleus in their Group A clash in Polakwane on Thursday.
Washington (CNN) -- Senate Republicans on Thursday blocked the No.1 item on the president's congressional "to-do-list," refusing to allow a vote on a bill that would give tax breaks for companies that "insource" jobs to the U.S. from overseas while eliminating tax deductions for companies that move jobs abroad.
The 58-year-old Sotomayor was named to the high court in 2009 after 17 years as a federal judge in New York.
(AOL Autos) -- Small cars continue to be hot sellers among buyers looking for fuel economy, style and all-around fun.
The Honda Civic is one of the most reliable and popular economy compact sedans/coupes in its class.
The Sentra front-wheel drive 4-door sedan is a practical, roomy and economical car with several trims available to suit a person's needs.
The stakes are high, yet the contest is a combination of Louisiana dynasty (as in incumbent Democratic Sen.
"You grow up around a business, you learn the ropes early," CNN contributor Paul Begala said.
President Obama has said he is in favor of changing the relationship with Cuba.
"We have to build a world with more partners and fewer adversaries," Clinton said.
The employee has been suspended with pay as the investigation continues, he added.
(CNN) -- Ethnic Uyghur residents in Urumqi, capital of China's far west Xinjiang region, took to the streets Sunday afternoon in a rare public protest that prompted a police lockdown of the city.
Don't miss: The most compelling reason for a week in the canyon is to visit both rims.
Fans have been waiting for the next creation in the "BioShock" universe since "BioShock 2" was released in 2010.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
Capt.
Democratic Sen.
(EW.com) -- Chalk it up to the benefit of lowered expectations: Lindsay Lohan guest-hosted "Chelsea Lately" last night, and it was one of her best television appearance in the past few years.
It has become one of the most notorious episodes of El Salvador's 12-year civil war that pitted leftist guerrillas against the U.S.-backed conservative government.
Last year, 2,888 people were charged with having sex with children under 15 in Thailand.
Police Lt.
GAZA CITY, Gaza (CNN) -- Israeli forces fired on a U.N. aid convoy Thursday in Gaza, killing at least one contract worker and prompting the U.N. to halt some of its operations in Gaza, U.N. officials said.
GAZA CITY, Gaza (CNN) -- Israeli forces fired on a U.N. aid convoy Thursday in Gaza, killing at least one contract worker and prompting the U.N. to halt some of its operations in Gaza, U.N. officials said.
With a wife, eventually three children and boat to lead, Capt.
Each location will receive 42 metric tons of rice each for the next two weeks, and each family will receive a 25-kilogram ration of rice.
Dr.
While the testing isn't foolproof, it lowers the risk of getting infected.
HIV is a particularly tricky test, since it may provide a false negative if taken too soon after a person is exposed to HIV.
Often a simple urine test is all that is necessary; sometimes a swab must be taken from the infected area, according to ASHA.
(CNN) -- The lethal Ebola virus has left at least 14 people dead in western Uganda this month, according to Health Ministry officials, after local reports of a "strange disease" swept through the region.
The cases have emerged in Kibaale, a district in midwestern Uganda, where a national task force had been mobilized in an effort to combat the outbreak.
The Ebola virus is considered a highly infectious disease spread through direct contact with bodily fluids, with symptoms that include fever, vomiting, diarrhoea, abdominal pain, headache, measles-like rash, red eyes and at times bleeding from body openings.
Poised precipitously atop a high-concept premise, Sam Worthington is an escaped convict attempting to prove his innocence in the most elaborate way possible: He climbs out onto a hotel ledge and creates a suicide spectacle/diversion that allows his brother (Jamie Bell) to steal a diamond from an iniquitous real estate baron played with a perpetual scowl by Ed Harris.
It's all ostensibly part of a master plan, as is his requesting Elizabeth Banks' beleaguered negotiator, but it feels as if the filmmakers have tried to stuff the plots of too many different movies into a single casing that's already overflowing with eye-rolling improbabilities.
At least 12 unconfirmed instances of dengue hemorrhagic fever have been reported in the first 17 days of 2009, the official ABI news agency said.
His 2010 debut, "For Your Entertainment," was a typical "Idol" quickie -- decent, but it needed more personality.
"Trespassing" delivers, with a mix of tinsel disco-club sleaze and leather-boy love ballads.
Drinking a daily cup of coffee -- or even several cups -- isn't likely to harm your health, and it may even lower your risk of dying from chronic diseases such as diabetes and heart disease, a new study in the New England Journal of Medicine suggests.
In the study, both regular and decaf were associated with a lower risk of dying, which suggests that these and other substances in coffee might be more important than caffeine.
Do you know a hero?
(CNN) -- Apple CEO Tim Cook had to apologize for the buggy new Maps app in the iPhone 5 and iOS 6 on Friday, saying that his company "fell short" of making a "world-class product."
The Occupy London group then filed an appeal against the ruling at the Court of Appeal.
It is a fact that Hong Kong is culturally and politically distinct from other Chinese cities.
And if you're in a relationship right now, don't rest on your laurels quite yet: Breakups spike right after Cupid's big day, according to unofficial Facebook data, so you just might be back on the market soon.
An orange tip indicating the gun was not a real firearm had been removed, police said.
Iran is conducting a mass trial of about 100 Iranian defendants in its Revolutionary Court.
The German rose to fourth in the world on Monday after winning his third successive tournament on the European Tour at St Andrews, and now has the chance to overtake Woods, Westwood and American Phil Mickelson at the top of the game.
Westwood failed to achieve the second-place finish which would have seen him end Woods' 279-week reign on Sunday, but the Englishman could still top the rankings on October 31 providing the American does not change his plans and play before then.
There's nothing better than getting to know a place by hanging out with people who can tell you more than a guidebook about the area's culture and hidden gems.
The developments come as 200 heavily armed U.S.
Russia's Defense Ministry said Tuesday that there was no violation of flight regulations during the incident.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- American fighter jets intercepted two Russian bombers, one of which buzzed a U.S. aircraft carrier in the western Pacific on Saturday, U.S. military officials told CNN Monday.
France was a founding member of the NATO alliance in 1949 but it left the military structure in 1966 amid friction with the United States.
Edward Myers, 35, of Saxonburg, Pennsylvania, was home with his two sons and then-girlfriend Laure Halliwell's 7-year-old son beginning around 2 p.m. on May 25, according to court documents.
A 2,700 year-old silver chalice may be a new token of friendship between the United States and Iran, at least that's the way Iran's cultural heritage chief sees it.
The U.S.
The 64 patients ranged in age from 5 months to 71 years.
There have been reports of crackdowns on other Iranian universities.
According to Nielsen, the average total audience during the three-hour broadcast was 20.9 million, up from 19.7 million last year.
Almost 45,000 attacks on Defense Department computers were reported in the first half of 2009, according to a government report.
Among other things, Papandreou is asking U.S. and other leaders to restrict the use of credit default swaps, which are insurance contracts -- the same kind of contracts that pushed insurance giant American International Group (AIG) to the brink of collapse.
The passage of the resolution follows the exit of a U.N.-backed, Ethiopian peacekeeping force that completed a two-year deployment in Somalia Thursday.
Meanwhile on Saturday, the U.S. military countered media reports that civilians were among 25 people killed during fighting near Baquba early Friday.
Meanwhile on Saturday, the U.S. military countered media reports that civilians were among 25 people killed during fighting near Baquba early Friday.
AT&T has been developing Buzz.com for more than a year and a half, so this isn't so much a case of being late to the party as it is poor timing -- and poor naming.
The international search for the missing aircraft resumed early Sunday near Perth, with a U.S.
In her six decade reign, Queen Elizabeth has dealt with 11 prime ministers, including Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher, who reputedly had a tense relationship with the monarch during the weekly audiences that are also a traditional necessity.
Washington (CNN) -- Alaska's Senate race is an increasingly prime pickup opportunity for Republicans, with Democratic Sen.
(CNN) -- The University of Kentucky has settled its case with the state over the release of safety data for its embattled pediatric heart surgery program, which was closed last year following patient deaths.
Seven other men have been arrested on charges of supporting terrorism and conspiracy to commit murder abroad.
The Home Office named only 16 of those on the list; it said it was not in the public interest to disclose the names of the other six.
There is growing concern that Somalia could be the next base for al Qaeda as U.S. forces pound their positions in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Maj.
"If I want one day to put an end to this hell of the past eight years, it has to go to court," she told the magazine.
Capping off the night was the eleven-hour concert's biggest surprise: Steven Tyler joining Willie Nelson on "One Time Too Many" and "Once is Enough."
The outbreak has been traced to pomegranate seeds from Turkey that are in the Townsend Farms fruit mix, according to the company statement.
"I call on President Abbas: Tear up your pact with Hamas," Netanyahu said on CNN's "State of the Union."
Nostalgia comes from the Greek word for homecoming (nostos) and pain (algos).
Nostalgic products fill a need to belong and feel socially connected, according to an Arizona State University study published in the Journal of Consumer Research last year.
Liquid water is a key ingredient for life to form.
Germany's reputation for legendary Christmas markets is well deserved -- and this is the granddaddy of them all.
Sen.
Sen.
A Chinese rocket carrying the satellite lifted off early Thursday from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in southwestern China's Sichuan province, according to an account in China's state-run news agency, Xinhua.
President Hugo Chavez announced after taking office that Venezuela would send crafts into space, and the country spent $241 million in five years to develop the Simon Bolivar Satellite, named for the general whose military victories led to independence from Spain for several South American nations in the early 1800s.
World No.
Klein Constantia has always been one of my favorite vineyards as they consistently deliver great quality.
But Corless now believes she knows where the children may be buried: on the site of the former Tuam home, now part of a housing estate.
County administrator Brenda T.
The site allows you to easily port over your musical interests from Facebook or Last.fm so as to weed out anyone not familiar with that most important holiday in the world, Record Store Day.
For about $15 a pop, Tawkify matches up potential soulmates based on their Klout scores (a service that measures your social influence online) as well as other factors, and sets up phone dates so they can get to know each other the only way they know how -- from the comfort of their own cave-like homes.
U.S.
Kermit Gosnell, 72, was convicted Monday on three counts of murder for killing babies by cutting their spinal cords with scissors.
The McCain campaign launched an ad Wednesday attacking Obama for his 30-minute special.
Huerta's capture was the third major arrest announced in the past week.
About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers have moved into the epicenter of Taliban activity in the region to counter their activities, officials said.
Sen.
Sen.
(CNN) -- Barcelona will meet arch-rival Real Madrid in the semifinal of the Copa del Rey after Leo Messi fired the Catalans past Malaga Thursday.
"This is the most beautiful office that anyone could have in the world," the lobster fisherman says.
"The God that I know and the God that I love will love me and love my children no matter what," she said.
"Didn't he say that he was after change?"
The reporters are aged 18-25 and come from a range of different circumstances.
The auction process isn't as easy as it looks, Guevares said.
U.S.
"The Big Fun Sexy Sex Book" is a fun and innovative guide to rejuvenating your sex life and libido, co-written with renowned sex therapist Ian Kerner (who writes about sex on CNN's medical news blog, The Chart).
United Nations (CNN) -- Rwanda will not pull its troops from U.N. peacekeeping missions despite a leaked draft report that accused Rwandan soldiers of genocide in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwandan President Paul Kagame told the U.N.
Midfielder Kevin Grosskreutz scored twice with 19-year-old Mario Goetze grabbing the other goal with an impudent finish.
Unlike Pandora, Songza doesn't impose any limitations on how much music you can listen to and it doesn't serve any audio advertisements.
-- Bahrain is a chain of small islands off the eastern shore of the Arabian Peninsula, nestled between Saudi Arabia and Qatar.
Foreigners make up about a fourth of Switzerland's workforce and 20% of its population.
(CNN) -- Manny Pacquiao has put failed talks of a fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr behind him as he turns his focus to a bout with Joshua Clottey at the Cowboys Stadium.
He was the first African-American photographer for Life magazine, first African-American to direct a major Hollywood picture ("The Learning Tree" in 1969).
Denmark has a large immigrant population from the Muslim world -- including Palestinians, Turks, Somalis, Bosnians, Moroccans and Tunisians.
(CNN) -- Conservationists have found a new population of orangutans in a steep, mountainous corner of Indonesia -- a discovery that significantly adds to the number of the endangered red-haired primates.
(CNN) -- Federal authorities have seen no change in the number of illegal immigration checks sought by local Arizona police and allowed under a state law partly upheld by a recent U.S.
On Monday, the Pentagon said that NATO commander Marine Gen.
(CNN) -- Manchester United returned to the top of English Premier League with a 5-0 crushing of crisis club Portsmouth on Saturday, while Liverpool kept their Champions League bid on track with a 1-0 victory in the derby against Everton.
Attorney General Eric Holder is a critic of the death penalty, but he authorized seeking capital punishment in this case saying Tsarnaev acted in "an especially heinous, cruel and depraved manner."
St.
(Business Insider) -- Zynga's hit Facebook game "FarmVille" is arguably the most widely played video game in existence.
The EU naval force will take over the role of escorting United Nations World Food Program vessels carrying food and relief supplies to war-torn Somalia, an EU news release said.
That Hong Kong is just a city of concrete and steel ... when it has vast areas of natural beauty in its many country parks.
Beginning February 2, the Dell Streak 7 tablet will be available for $200, after a $50 mail-in rebate and two-year contract, T-Mobile has announced.
But unlike its teensy predecessor, the Streak 7 will be able to connect to T-Mobile's HSPA+ 4G network -- although as we've recently noted, the term "4G" seems to be in the eye of the beholder.
Chavarria, 21, of Eugene, Oregon, defeated two other players in a single-elimination tournament during festivities surrounding Tuesday's MLB All-Star Game in New York City.
The passage of the resolution follows the exit of a U.N.-backed, Ethiopian peacekeeping force that completed a two-year deployment in Somalia Thursday.
Littlejohn was charged with murder after investigators linked his DNA to blood found on plastic ties used to bind St.
He also said the United States used the September 11 attacks as justification to attack Iraq, and that the United States had "lost sight of the cause."
(CNN) -- A federal judge has stayed what would be the nation's first military execution since 1961, saying the U.S.
Pvt.
About 3,500 people live at Camp Ashraf, most of them members of the People's Mujahedin Organization of Iran who have lived at the camp for 24 years after fleeing Iran.
PARIS, France -- Top-seeded Maria Sharapova was a shock casualty at the French Open on Monday when she crashed 6-7 7-6 6-2 against fellow Russian Dinara Safina in Paris.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Two U.S.
Not recycling enough was the number one response in 9 out of 15 countries surveyed, followed by wasting water.
The PKK, or Kurdistan Workers' Party, said it sustained no casualties in the operation.
The central Iraqi government has labeled the PKK a terrorist organization, banning its activities and shutting its offices in the country two years ago.
Always stronger on gothic atmosphere than story, Burton dedicates unwarranted screentime to the Collins' dull fortunes in the fish canning business (I'm not kidding).
In its statement, National Air Cargo said it "will not speculate as to the cause of the accident," and that it was fully cooperating with authorities as the investigation continues.
In 2007, drug manufacturers voluntarily pulled infant cough-and-cold medicines from store shelves amid concerns about the products' effectiveness and side effects, including a risk of rapid heart rate, convulsions, loss of consciousness, and even death.
At least 47 people were arrested after the clashes, said Gen.
(CNN) -- President Barack Obama on Sunday reiterated his commitment to getting the U.S.
Presenter and "American Idol" judge Jennifer Lopez made a stunning entrance in a curve-hugging, long sleeve Zuhair Murad gown which she accessorized with Lorraine Schwartz jewels and a Salvatore Ferragamo clutch.
The announcement came as the official ballot count in Mexico's presidential elections began Wednesday and as the presumptive president-elect sought to consolidate his reported victory even as a challenger refused to concede.
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius apologized and took responsibility for what she called "miserably frustrating" problems with the site, which launched October 1.
Washington (CNN) -- Republican Scott Brown lost his second Senate race in two election cycles on Tuesday, as Democratic Sen.
BEIJING, China (CNN) -- China has recalled two tainted leukemia drugs tied to "adverse reactions" in patients, the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Sunday.
The Browns receiver's shirt read "Justice for Tamir Rice and John Crawford III" when he walked out onto the field before the game.
Scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets and perhaps whether they brought water to the Earth or even the chemicals that make up the building blocks of life.
(CNN) -- Opener Shane Watson hammered a world record 15 sixes in a one-day innings as he helped Australia defeat Bangladesh by nine wickets in their second one-day international in Dhaka.
Sen.
Palmer claims Titanic II will be the safest cruise ship in the world when it sets sail in 2016 from Southampton, England, bound for New York, following the ill-fated Titanic's original planned route.
Keep an eye on Norway's Ole Einar Bjoerndalen, the Michael Phelps of the Winter Games.
The U.S.
Tina Weirather of Liechtenstein hopes to follow in her mother's ski tracks.
A free room isn't the only thing your points buy -- InterContinental has iPod Nanos and Nintendo Wiis for sale at its online mall, Marriott dangles rounds of golf at its links in Jamaica and Hawaii, and Hilton hawks tickets to Saturday Night Live tapings.
However the regulations have been challenged by an Italian football agent who claims FFP breaches European Union competition laws.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The U.S. has restored Fulbright scholarships to seven Gaza-based students, saying it erred last week when it rescinded the awards because of travel restrictions that Israel imposes on the Palestinian territory.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The U.S. has restored Fulbright scholarships to seven Gaza-based students, saying it erred last week when it rescinded the awards because of travel restrictions that Israel imposes on the Palestinian territory.
Rep.
"Lack of health coverage has been a big problem for me.
According to the survey, Democrats by a 2-to-1 margin have an unfavorable view of the Tea Party movement; Republicans like it by a 3-to-1 margin.
While the total European football market grew to a record $28.65 billion in 2012-13, the Premier League led the way once again.
Got a great Derby hat photo?
Justice Department officials said Joseph Harvey, 51, and Anja Kannell, 41, of Delray Beach, Florida, appeared in federal court in Miami on Thursday to face indictments for mail fraud, wire fraud and aggressive identity theft.
Kepler-69c seems less clearly in the habitable zone than the other two planets, but scientists haven't ruled it out.
Wade himself has even gotten in on the act, recording a video plea on SaveSteveHolt.com, acknowledging he hasn't yet been asked to return to the show for its fourth season and assuring fans "a portion of the profits will be going to a very good cause."
Joseph and Jane Clementi had filed court documents reserving the right to sue after their son leaped from the George Washington Bridge in September 2010.
Somewhat ironically, the announcement was delivered just one day ahead of the iPod's ninth anniversary on October 23, although the decline of the cassette Walkman is attributed primarily to the explosive popularity of CD players in the '90s, not the iPod.
The United Nations Security Council adopted a resolution January 16 expressing its intent to send U.N. peacekeeping forces back to the unstable nation, and the AU plans to send additional troops to Somalia in coming weeks, Ping said.
Michelle Trachtenberg The actress brought Tim Burton's "Blue Girl With Wine" piece of artwork to life in New York.
The Casablanca bombings in May 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers.
The official declined to say when the visit will happen and if more than one trip is planned.
Woods, 38, was a potential selection by U.S.
It's followed with an aerial demonstration by the U.S.
(CNN) -- India racked up a massive first-innings lead of 347 runs over South Africa on the third day of the second cricket Test in Kolkata as V.V.S.
(CNN) -- India racked up a massive first-innings lead of 347 runs over South Africa on the third day of the second cricket Test in Kolkata as V.V.S.
James Kuehne, a 31-year-old Brooklyn resident, pleaded not guilty to gang assault, assault and criminal mischief charges.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
Miami (CNN)Rumors of another major change in U.S.-Cuba policy are sparking a surge in Cuban migrants in recent days, according to the U.S.
A huge roar went up outside the Hotel de Ville as the French squad fronted up to the All Blacks' haka war dance.
The soldiers on duty - bristling with machine guns - were glued to the action.
Duck boats are amphibious vehicles often used for tours on land or water.
A Santa Barbara County jail employee said Connors was booked and released but did not have details.
The third and final debate between Florida Republican Gov.
(CNN) -- David Ferrer will aim to become the first Spaniard to win the Miami Masters after beating Germany's Tommy Haas in an absorbing semifinal on Friday.
U.S.
The JRC said that early Wednesday, one of its units attacked and "exploded" the Tura manifold owned by Royal Dutch Shell in Abonnema, near the coast.
Acting President Goodluck Jonathan was approved for the role Tuesday by Nigeria's House and Senate to fill the political void left after President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua departed in November for medical treatment in Saudi Arabia.
The capital's airport, the country's roads and its ports were devastated by last week's 7.0-magnitude earthquake, leaving Haiti's crumpled infrastructure the chief obstacle to fresh supplies as well as food and water.
(CNN) -- Nigeria's president Goodluck Jonathan has suspended the national soccer team from international competition for two years after their dismal performance at the World Cup.
Christopher Johns filmed much of the five-minute scene from his apartment window and can be heard shouting at Brehm throughout.
(CNN) -- Oil prices spiked to their highest levels since 2008 on fears that tensions with Iran have the potential to disrupt supplies through the Strait of Hormuz.
The first rule of Barcelona is that you don't stay on Las Ramblas.
(CNN) -- A story told about Marine Gen.
These 10 buildings around the world are guaranteed to send a shiver down your spine.
A week before they start, Meat Loaf will return to perform under the same series as part of his second residency.
(CNN) -- The International Criminal Court on Tuesday acquitted a Congolese man accused of brutal war crimes in 2003.
(CNN) -- A 40-year-old man who allegedly punched and shouted racial slurs at V.
The PlayStation 4 retails for $399; the Xbox One retails for $499.
1.
2.
3.
(CNN) -- Justine Henin booked her place in the third round of the Australian Open after she claimed a 7-5 7-6 (8-6) victory over fifth seed Elena Dementieva in Melbourne on Wednesday.
A Look Back - Take a drive back in time as another American icon's wheels come off.
Cybersecurity Concerns - Plug into the reasons why President Obama has cybersecurity concerns.
Reusable Lessons - Step onto the campus of a school that's a model of sustainability.
Mychal Bell, 17, who was freed two weeks ago after his adult criminal conviction for beating a white classmate was overturned, was sent to the Renaissance Home for Youth in Alexandria, Louisiana, the source said.
Rosen's story is one of several that have come to light in recent weeks as part of a worldwide CNN investigation into what appears to be a widespread black market in human organs currently under scrutiny by authorities in the United States and Israel.
Swedish influences are being felt in America in major U.S cities such as Los Angeles, which boasts bands aping the "Swedish sound."
Today, the names to know are Robyn, Lykke Li and Swedish House Mafia, all of whom have suddenly moved beyond cult status and crept into the mainstream, selling out shows and popping up on some of the largest radio stations in America.
Norway did not explain how it had learned of the alleged confiscation, and there was no immediate reaction from Iran.
"The medal and the diploma have been removed from Dr.
Perhaps the biggest evidence of its success is how it is still a consistent winner in the 8 p.m.
(CNN) -- Paul the octopus has plumped for Spain to beat the Netherlands in Sunday's World Cup final in Johannesburg, South Africa.
ABC's country music drama delivered 9 million viewers and a 2.8 rating among adults 18-49.
(EW.com) -- "Nashville," the best-reviewed new drama of the fall, premiered to solid ratings Wednesday night, while The CW's new action-drama "Arrow" set a record for the network.
Maj.
According to Air France CEO Pierre-Henri Gourgeon, the Airbus A330-200 encountered heavy turbulence about 02:15 a.m.
Secretary of State John Kerry to put peace talks back on track unraveled in the past week -- Israel reneged on a scheduled release of Palestinian prisoners, and the Palestinians responded by signing on to join 15 international bodies, reversing their commitment not to seek international recognition as a state.
Morsi leads the Freedom and Justice Party, the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood.
The U.S.
The U.S.
Also linking Ebola and ISIS to border security on Thursday was GOP Rep.
Mutu had earlier given Romania the lead only for Christian Panucci to level a minute later.
They interrupted her with comments urging her to get married and questioning whether she could bear children.
The app also pulls in details of the day ahead from your Google Calendar or Exchange calendar.
Watch Venus Williams on Revealed this week at the times below:
Invalidating gun restrictions and same-sex marriage bans rest on the same principle -- courts strike down laws that were adopted through the democratic process but that run afoul of rights protected by the Constitution.
Rand Paul kicks off a three-day swing Monday across Iowa, holding campaign-style events and fund-raisers with local politicians as the potential Republican presidential contender barnstorms the first-in-the-nation caucus state.
Dr.
"We were deeply in love and couldn't be happier," he said."I loved her and I know she felt the same way."
As a black man, Owens' quadruple triumph was a huge embarrassment to the hosts, and a defiant snub to the Third Reich's theories of white racial supremacy.
Eight people -- two suspected Taliban militants and six civilians -- died in Tuesday's fighting which involved military helicopter gunships, according to Pakistani intelligence sources.
Kerry's Asia trip will include visits to China and Japan.
It was not immediately clear whether there was one shooter or more, she said.
Dr.
Symptoms of swine flu in humans are expected to resemble regular human seasonal influenza symptoms, including fever, lethargy, lack of appetite, and coughing, the CDC said.
The arrests took place Thursday across various sites in Oregon and Washington.
The 12-inch 3D TV goes on sale in Japan at the end of this year for 120,000 yen, or $1,500.
Internal notices issued Tuesday and Wednesday by the Department of Homeland Security ask employees to step up to train as air marshals and to serve at U.S. diplomatic posts abroad.
In 2008, CNN reported that fewer than 1 percent of the average of 28,000 daily commercial flights carried air marshals.
SANTIAGO, Chile (CNN) -- Arrest warrants for more than 120 former soldiers and agents of Chile's National Intelligence Directorate were issued Tuesday for alleged human rights violations during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet, CNN Chile reported.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- More Japanese factories and businesses in China shuttered Tuesday as an East China Sea island dispute threatens to drag relations between Asia's two largest economies to their lowest point since World War II.
People who scored higher on the study's narcissism test also spent more time on Facebook and checked it more times each day than their less narcissistic counterparts.
Male narcissists were more self-promotional in their "About Me" descriptions, using this section as an opportunity to highlight their intelligence and wit.
Female users with narcissistic tendencies tended to use images in their self-promotion, uploading content that "include[d] revealing, flashy and adorned photos of their physical appearance."
A Pakistani court confined the country's former president Pervez Musharraf to his home Friday.
U.S.
Texas Sen.
He was named the World Boxing Hall of Fame fighter of the year in 2002, according to BoxRec.
(CNN) -- U.S.
A supporter of Fidel Castro's government, Benedetti left Uruguay to live in exile, partly in Cuba, where his writings grew more political.
(CNN) -- Formula One team Red Bull have held clear the air talks after the collision between drivers Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel that cost them a chance of victory at the Turkish Grand Prix.
But senior government officials warn that the participants will not be allowed into South Waziristan.
This is the third year in a row he's been spotted.
"I don't want war.
Hours before the top diplomats from his nation and the United States begin a high-stakes meeting, Russian President Vladimir Putin took to The New York Times to argue against military intervention in Syria and jab his U.S. counterpart.
Powell was one of Detroit-based Motown's first personal development coaches along with Maurice King and Cholly Atkins, according to the company's website.
"I am afraid that I am going to end up like him, the way he did," Jackson told his wife during their short marriage, according to a blog Presley published a day after Jackson's death.
(Wired) -- For years, the U.S.
The LaWS is essentially a laser upgrade to the MK 15 Close In Weapon System (CIWS), a.k.a. the Phalanx gun, a radar-guided autocannon that is already installed on Navy surface combatants.
"Let me put this on the table," said Sen.
"Let me put this on the table," said Sen.
Capt.
Dr.
Some people carry genes that make them so prone to depression that almost any degree of hardship will bump them into depression.
When people feel emotionally depressed they tend to lose interest in the world around them and their ability to experience pleasure withers.
For the 12 months to June, Alberto Culver made revenues of $1.6bn (£1.1bn) and earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization of more than $250m (£158m).
Alberto Culver group employs 2,700 people and has operations in nine countries, including the US, Canada, the UK, Argentina, Mexico and South Africa.
(CNN) -- Rep.
Wasserman Schultz, who represents Florida, spent a total of several hours before and after the event with friend and colleague, Wisconsin Rep.
The original coroner's report concluded it was a "death by misadventure."
(Financial Times) -- China's smog-ridden capital issued an unprecedented set of new anti-pollution measures at the weekend, as the authorities scramble to respond to rising public pressure over the city's deteriorating air quality.
The Beijing city government published a draft of the new rules on its website on Saturday and asked for public feedback -- an unusual step that illustrates how carefully the government is treading around the hot-button issue.
Earlier this month, an episode of extraordinarily bad pollution in Beijing sparked public outcry over air quality, as well as causing a sudden increase in hospital admissions for respiratory illnesses and heart attacks.
The rocket will launch from the Virgin Galactic spaceport in New Mexico later this year.
The caution, from the main contractor CGI, warned of a number of open risks and issues for the HealthCare.gov web site even as company executives were testifying publicly that the project had achieved key milestones.
Residents threw rocks and fired shots at security forces who were trying to stop the illegal construction of homes, the ISF said.
Texas is currently battling its worst fire season in state history.
"At this moment I am at peace and filled with joy and gratitude," she wrote.
(CNN) -- The International Committee of the Red Cross called on Israel to allow it immediate access to Gaza, saying a trip into Gaza City revealed weak children laying with their dead mothers and other "shocking" scenes.
(CNN) -- The northern Pakistani school where a teenage boy died while tackling a suicide bomber last week will be renamed in his honor, a top provincial official announced Monday.
"There's still shooting going on.
Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke told a news conference at the presidential palace in the Somali capital that the hostage said he was in good health and is being treated well.
Sharmarke said the two hostages were kidnapped by the militant group Hizbul Islam but later were transferred to Al-Shabaab.
The two advisers had apparently told the hotel they were journalists, something that the media watchdog group Reporters Without Borders has criticized.
It is being built for the U.S.
The Basque Nationalist Party seeks self-determination for the 2.1 million Basques but does not support ETA's violence.
He was a close associate of former Al-Shabaab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane, who was killed in a U.S. airstrike near Barawe city in September.
An estimated 10 percent to 25 percent of the U.S. population experiences the phobia of flying, according to the American Psychological Association.
Now, pro-Russian protesters are calling for regional independence in the eastern Ukrainian cities of Donetsk, Kharkiv and Luhansk.
Two days ago we heard that Dr.
(CNN) -- Sony Corp. lost a record $5.7 billion in the fiscal year ending in March, the company announced today -- lower than beleaguered electronics giant's previous estimates of finishing the year $6.4 billion in the red.
The Rev.
The United States has contacted authorities in Hong Kong to seek the extradition of Edward Snowden, the man who admitted leaking top-secret details about U.S.
Mr.
Before Obama spoke on Tuesday, Republican Sen.
To become a fighter pilot takes three years of training at the Air Force Academy in Risalpur, Pakistan, where the halls are lined with grainy black-and-white pictures of nearly six decades of male graduates who went on to fly for the Pakistan Air Force.
A power outage knocked out cable service Sunday evening in parts of Connecticut, leaving Cablevision customers unable to watch television, including the hit show now in its final season.
Marquise Braham, 18, jumped to his death Friday from the roof of a Marriott hotel on Long Island while home for spring break, authorities said.
Lt.
A Nigerian politician has been arrested for trying to smuggle almost five pounds of cocaine in his stomach in a scheme to finance his election campaign, authorities said Monday.
The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to overturn the ban in a "standalone" measure not tied to any other legislative items.
"Still enjoying my life.
(CNN) -- Manchester United have netted a sponsorship deal with American insurance giants Aon Corporation that will reportedly earn the Premier League champions a staggering $131 million over four years.
That would send United to the top of football's sponsorship income league ahead of the likes of Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Chelsea.
New Zealand maxi Alfa Romeo eased to victory in the 65th annual Sydney to Hobart ocean yacht race on Monday.
Skippered by Neville Crichton, Alfa Romeo crossed the finish of the 628-mile race ahead of favorite Australian maxi Wild Oats XI.
A second portion of the law applies to accounting requirements for public companies.
"So, there does seem to be a basis for a U.S.
Mubarak, 84, was sentenced to life in prison on June 2 for the killing of pro-democracy demonstrators during the 2011 revolt that toppled him.
Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months.
Hernandez has scored four goals in just four appearances for the Mexico national team and could make their squad for the World Cup finals in South Africa that begin in June.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A narrow window of time is closing quickly for Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor who has infuriated the U.S. government by leaking details of surveillance programs after fleeing the country.
The Russians, making their World Cup debut, took an early 3-0 lead through a penalty from flyhalf Yury Kushnarev , but the U.S. rallied despite several misses from goalkicker Chris Wyles and the Bears were left with just a solitary bonus point to show for their efforts.
UNICEF estimates that thousands of families in Gaza have seen their homes destroyed or damaged.
The case drew widespread attention when District Judge G.
(CNN) -- Rory McIlroy was confirmed as winner of the Race to Dubai Sunday despite not lifting a club in anger for six weeks.
(CNN) -- Four gunmen attempted to attack the Indian consulate in Afghanistan's western Herat province early Friday, a spokesman for the governor's office said.
The assembly is tasked with rewriting the constitution, deciding the country's future political system and governing the nation.
Rep.
Rep.
A state of emergency was also declared in St.
(CNN) -- The Justice Department will collect data about police stops, searches and arrests, aiming to reduce possible effects of racial bias in the justice system, Attorney General Eric Holder said on Monday.
(CNN) -- Ohio Gov.
Broom's execution was initially scheduled for 10 a.m.
This is a happy day," said SpaceX founder and CEO Elon Musk on NASA's space blog after the craft roared into space atop a Falcon 9 rocket.
The cargo mission will also deliver a set of high-tech legs for Robonaut 2.
It's unclear whether there was anyone else at the home.
Bolt was making his first appearance in the competition this season after a hamstring injury kept him out of previous events in Qatar and Oregon.
The Ebola virus is considered a highly infectious disease spread through direct contact with bodily fluids, with symptoms that include fever, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, headache, measles-like rash, red eyes and at times bleeding from body openings.
E-commerce in China is dominated by Alibaba but is closely followed by JD.com which is more than 17% owned by its arch-rival Tencent Holdings.
The Obama administration has poured about 30,000 additional U.S. troops into Afghanistan since December, bringing the number of American troops to about 100,000.
"I pray to St.
Dr.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- The YouTube and Carnegie Hall generations collided Wednesday night in New York City as a nearly sold-out audience looked on in amazement.
So, how do you get to Carnegie Hall?
A state funeral will be held December 15 in his ancestral hometown of Qunu in the Eastern Cape province.
Targets included rebel barracks, caves, ammunition depots and anti-aircraft positions in the region, part of Iraq's Kurdish autonomous region.
A two-shot swing on the final hole of the final women's major of the season saw South Korean teenager Hyo-Joo Kim clinch a remarkable victory in the Evian Championship at the expense of Karrie Webb of Australia Sunday.
"Jeopardy!"
(CNN) -- On Tuesday, an Afghan soldier killed a U.S.
Adnan G.
He was killed in a raid in South Waziristan on Saturday, Pakistani army spokesman Asim Bajwal said on Twitter.
The State Department's Rewards for Justice program had offered $5 million for information leading to his capture.
(Mashable) -- Google has quietly launched its own full-length online magazine, a quarterly publication whose aim is to create a "breathing space in a busy world."
The couple has lived separately since Shimon Peres was elected president in 2007, with his wife -- who preferred to remain out of the public eye -- remaining in their Tel Aviv home while her husband moved to the official residence in Jerusalem.
The couple has lived separately since Shimon Peres was elected president in 2007, with his wife -- who preferred to remain out of the public eye -- remaining in their Tel Aviv home while her husband moved to the official residence in Jerusalem.
"We have to get the right deal," the top U.S.
(CNN) -- Paul Lawrie returned the Ryder Cup to its next host venue of Gleneagles Wednesday then revealed how the hostile reception he and his Europe teammates received from the Medinah galleries had given them even greater resolve.
SAG's contract with Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers expired June 30 with the two sides unable to agree on how actors would be paid when movies and TV shows are distributed through "new media," such as mobile phones and the Internet.
The "Nothing Compares 2 U" singer, 45, announced her split from fourth husband, Barry Herridge, on Monday, 18 days after the two tied the knot in a well-planned December 8 drive-through wedding in Las Vegas.
The average American consumer spends $1,700 a year on apparel.
As a rule, Biden does better in front of loud, sympathetic audiences (see his barnstorming convention speech).
One of them, Sen.
(CNN) -- The major concern of the United States in the current Israeli-Hamas conflict is a potential Israeli ground incursion into Gaza, U.S. officials said Friday.
The A350 XWB is the first in a family of super-efficient passenger planes Airbus designed to go head-to-head with rival Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and 777s.
The Spanish, like the Italians, happily answer calls in restaurants, during business meetings, conferences and even sometimes during concerts.
The Provincial Court in Palma de Mallorca threw out a charge of money laundering but allowed two charges of tax fraud to stand, according to the court order.
The Rev.
The mountain lion, which was thought to be a juvenile weighing just under 100 pounds, had apparently strayed in the from the wild and was first reported just before 6 a.m. in downtown Santa Monica after a maintenance worker spotted it, the statement said.
Mountain lion spottings are common in Southern California this time of year, though typically occur away from densely populated areas, according to Andrew Hughan, a spokesman for the California Department of Fish and Game.
Jeffrey Rosen, writing for The New Republic magazine, said Biden's willingness to mix it up comes from his working-class upbringing in Scranton during the 1950s.
(CNN) -- A British cruise ship avoided a possible pirate attack in the Indian Ocean on Wednesday when the captain to took evasive maneuvers and alerted naval authorities after the ship's radar detected an approaching small boat.
At least 28 vessels and 654 hostages are currently being held by pirates off the Somali coast, according to a statement from the European Union Naval Force.
$15,873,767,378,850.16 - Total outstanding public debt on July 30, 2012.
12 - Consecutive U.S.
Explosions rocked the Syrian capital early Friday, hours before U.S.
(CNN) -- It was a much-anticipated summit between Rep.
The case stems from an October 2009 ceremony in Sedona, Arizona.
Basically, the movie is a fizzless "Bourne" episode crossed with "Training Day," featuring Washington as a good-egg-gone-rotten who, you know, has his reasons.
Banksy may have started out as a graffiti artist in western England but his work now sells for millions in the coveted evening contemporary art auctions at Christie's and Sotheby's.
The A&M board of trustees rejected a request from Gov.
Critics say the mining project would adversely affect the area's ecosystem and would leave cattle in the zone without access to water.
Both New York fire and police department units located and safely towed Valastro's boat to Liberty Landing Marina in Jersey City, New Jersey, NYPD Sgt.
At one point, Valastro said, a bigger vessel about 30 feet away was headed straight for his boat.
By late Saturday night, 72 bodies had been found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside the compound of the Rifles, or BDR, in the capital city, Dhaka, the Home Ministry said.
Fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers, shot or stabbed to death.
(CNN) -- World No.
(CNN) -- World No.
Former Yale University lab technician Raymond Clark III has been sentenced to 44 years in prison after pleading guilty in March to the murder and attempted sexual assault of Le.
Despite the negative tone of the campaign season -- in which Obama frequently campaigned against what he called Bush's "failed policies" -- Bush has pledged to do everything he can to make sure they have a smooth transition. iReport.com: What's your message for Obama?
Castro's younger brother and successor, President Raul Castro, has said as much in numerous speeches since taking the reins of power in 2006.
Ireland topped Pool C ahead of second-placed Australia, and now play Wales in the knockout phase in Wellington next Saturday.
Summer is the deadliest season for lightning strikes because of the frequency of thunderstorms and the fact that more people are outdoors.
The association also said that the amount of caffeine in most energy drinks is comparable to that in 1 to 2 cups of coffee.
Energy drinks -- which include brands such as Monster, Rockstar, and Amp, in addition to Red Bull (by far the market leader) -- generated about $5 billion in U.S. sales in 2008 and have skyrocketed in popularity.
(Health.com) -- Cleanup workers exposed to spilled oil may be at long-term risk for breathing trouble and other health problems, according to a new study examining the aftereffects of a 2002 oil spill in Spain.
Buzz around the release of DreamWorks' latest animated feature, "Monsters vs.
Rep.
The men, dubbed the "D.C.
President Barack Obama honored 24 Army veterans with the Medal of Honor -- the country's highest military award, given to American soldiers who display "gallantry above and beyond the call of duty " -- for their combat actions in Vietnam, Korea and World War II.
The U.S.
Linda Carty, 52, has made a public plea to British citizens, asking them and human rights groups to intervene and win her clemency.
State corrections officials can now proceed with setting an execution date, but there is no indication when that will happen.
Do you know a hero?
Just east of Port-au-Prince, makeshift camps have been erected in the public squares of the densely populated area of Delmas, Cine Institute founder David Belle told Salcer in an e-mail shared with CNN.
Sotheby's will auction off one of the earliest versions of the Magna Carta later this year, the auction house announced Tuesday.
(CNN) -- The CEO of pizza giant Papa John's has apologized to a Sanford, Florida, customer after a delivery man accidentally dialed the customer and left a racist rant on the man's voice mail.
At the Producers Guild of America Awards on Sunday, the two critically acclaimed projects won the ceremony's big prize, the Darryl F.
Former Army Sgt.
(CNN) -- Capt.
It's the same airport from which Pan Am Flight 281 took off more than 40 years ago.
The incident will cause the company's full year profit growth to be slightly lower than "guided," Rolls-Royce said Friday.
JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Citing security concerns, the U.S.
"I always go above and beyond, because that's my job."
He is survived by his wife, son and four grandchildren.
Produced for iPlay, the fruit of her labor, downloadable PC puzzler "Dying for Daylight," features an original tale starring Dahlia, a wisecracking, fashion-forward vampire hunting for a potion that lets vampires survive in sunlight.
In 2002, a bombing at two night clubs on the island of Bali killed 202 people, mostly foreign tourists.
The Audience Award winners from the fest will be announced Saturday.
About 2.5 million deaths worldwide are attributable to alcohol use, the study said.
The actress has appeared in various films, including "The A-Team" and "I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry."
Korea's K.J.
It was believed that she had access to water where she was, in the bathroom of her house.
(CNN) -- A third of the houses on Britain's second most expensive street are lying vacant, many abandoned for decades and left to rot.
Dubbed "Billionaires' Row," the road's average house costs over £6 million ($9.98 million), but many have been deserted by their wealthy owners.
CNN was not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count, with medical officials saying a final number would come after they had a chance to comb through the premises looking for bodies.
"First reaction is to find the person who did this and do unrelenting harm to them," Johnson wrote.
Catholic constable Stephen Carroll, 48, was shot dead when paramilitaries used an emergency call to lure police into an ambush in Craigavon, County Armagh, in March 2009.
The current round of the Russia-Chechnya conflict dates back nearly 20 years, with Chechens having laid claim to land in the Caucasus Mountains region.
And in Mexico that story is the fight for the right to meet U.S. demand for illegal drugs -- a war becoming more violent and ruthless, mostly because of one group.
Los Zetas are blamed for last week's brutal killings of the police chief in the southern Mexican city of Veracruz, his wife and four children.
Syria maintained tens of thousands of troops in Lebanon from the 1970s until they were forced out by massive popular protests in 2005.
To gain her black belt, Varsha had to learn up to 15 karate moves.
Varsha trains for at least two hours every day but says she still has time for other games.
(CNN) -- Alaska officials have asked the U.S.
Attorneys applied Saturday to the U.S.
Rep.
The high court's action would only have temporary effect, until more appeals can be filed on the larger questions of the Texas law's constitutionality.
(EW.com) -- "Real Steel" showed what it was made of, as the robot-boxing action drama won the weekend with an estimated $27.3 million.
The U.N.
(CNN) -- Former Bosnian Serb president Radovan Karadzic, accused of masterminding "ethnic cleansing" deportations and killings of Bosnian Muslims and Croats, has been arrested after more than a decade in hiding, a U.N.
The 32,000-tonne Malaspina Castle was taken early on Monday and was believed to be heading towards Somalia's pirate-infested coast, the European Union's Horn of Africa maritime security center said.
The protest is in response to the Stop Online Piracy Act bill, a piece of proposed legislation that is working its way through the Congress.
Since January 1, at least 110 confirmed measles cases have been reported in 16 states and the District of Columbia, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and health departments in four of those states.
According to Trostel, John F.
But more notable is Sen.
Just before 5 p.m.
Each winner gets two tickets, bringing the number awarded in the lottery to 17,500.
The odds of winning the tickets were long -- just one of every 182 were chosen.
Sheriff's deputies had two contingency plans laid out, but in the end opted to go with a public release.
Former NHL All-Star Gary Leema is one of the 10 players to have taken the action against the league and its board of governors.
EW has learned from multiple sources that Tim Allen ("Home Improvement") is looking to stage a return to prime time -- as long as it involves the right project.
Not that there's anything wrong with that: There are certain veteran TV actors who will always trigger a flurry of excitement and activity from the industry if they indicate a desire to revisit their roots.
Former U.S.
According to the WHO, 80% of heart disease, 80% of diabetes and 40% of cancers can be prevented by increasing physical activity, healthy eating and avoiding tobacco.
Twenty percent of India's people have one chronic disease, and 10% more than one.
The taller tires -- which are almost as high as the sidepods of the Lotus chassis -- will affect the aerodynamic flow, weight and suspension of the cars.
About one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has HIV, Schwartlander said.
For most of the last decade it has made a dramatic reduction in the rate of deforestation -- providing a model of how it could be tackled in other rainforest areas such as Indonesia and Congo.
Many Zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting the local currency, preferring foreign currency due to the hyperinflationary environment.
Sen.
Last year, Sandra Bullock won Best Actress -- just days after taking home a Razzie -- for playing Leigh Anne Tuohy, the Southern mom who took in Michael Oher and helped coach him toward football greatness.
In 2008, Sean Penn won the Academy Award for Best Actor -- again! -- for playing Harvey Milk, the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California.
Maj.
Suspected Fort Hood shooter Spc.
Grint's "Potter" co-star Daniel Radcliffe recently returned to Broadway in The Cripple of Inishmaan, but their stints on the New York stage won't overlap (Radcliffe's engagement ends this July).
Brunei has become the first East Asian country to adopt sharia law, despite widespread condemnation from international human rights groups.
Spc.
South Korea and the United States regularly hold military drills, and just as often North Korea denounces them as a provocation.
The most recent talks between North Korea and the United States ended Friday with little visible progress.
Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died on June 25 at his rented estate in Holmby Hills.
Then-rising star Barbra Streisand sang a memorable duet with Garland in one episode, before the singer filmed "Funny Girl," her breakout movie.
(CNN) -- The federal government has shut down for the first time since 1996 and all eyes are focused on House Speaker John Boehner.
"It feels great -- just listening to and hearing his voice," she said, adding that on stage she finds herself, "remembering the experience of recording it."
According to the Wall Street Journal, Apple's also considering making its MobileMe online storage service free, allowing users to store their data in the cloud rather than on a small device such as an iPhone, iPod Touch or iPad.
Sen.
NAIROBI, Kenya (CNN) -- Kenya's finance minister has resigned after being named in a corruption scandal that threatened to damage the nation's fragile new unity government, Prime Minister Raila Odinga announced.
Kimunya had been embroiled in a scandal involving the controversial sale of the government-owned Grand Regency Hotel in Nairobi, which was reportedly purchased by a business group at a below-market price.
The original group formed in 1954 with the three eldest brothers Isley -- O'Kelly Jr., Rudolph and Ronald -- which recorded several singles, including "Shout," "This Old Heart of Mine" and the Grammy-winning "It's Your Thing."
The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -- known by the Spanish acronym FARC -- have waged a bloody civil war for five decades with the Colombian government and right-wing paramilitary groups.
(CNN) -- Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard is expected to secure a major currency conversion deal with her nation's number one trading partner as she begins a six-day visit to China Friday.
Currently, Chinese and Australian companies must use the U.S. dollar as an intermediary for trade.
The data also indicates the hot ash cloud that hit a village near the crater was around 450-600 degrees Celsius (842-1,112 degrees Fahrenheit).
Meanwhile, Real Madrid cruised past third division opponents Ponferradina 2-0 in the first leg of their Spanish Cup last 32 tie.
Al-Douri's 30-minute recorded message was broadcast Wednesday on al-Raei Iraqi satellite television over an old picture of al-Douri, wearing his Iraqi military uniform.
CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice on the tape.
The U.S. military says he has helped finance the insurgency against U.S. troops in Iraq with Iraqi funds he transferred to Syria before Hussein's government collapsed in April 2002.
The issue of power-sharing is critical to this, because the Tajiks and other minorities will never now accept a government as heavily dominated by Pashtuns as the Taliban's was in the 1990s.
A judge in the murder trial of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez handed his defense pretrial legal victories Friday, throwing out as evidence text messages sent by the homicide victim the night he died and ruling that prosecutors may not tell jurors about two other slayings allegedly committed by the former New England Patriot.
Services took place around the world to mark the 91st anniversary of the armistice signed between Germany and the Allies on November 11, 1918.
The Spaniard will replace Jose Mourinho, who quit to join Real Madrid after leading them to the treble of Italian league, cup and European Champions League.
Not only is it director Luc Besson's biggest opening, "Lucy" is also a career high for Scarlett Johansson as a lead.
"Hercules" (B+ Cinema Score), starring Dwayne Johnson, took the second place spot with an estimated $29 million from 3,595 locations in its first weekend in theaters.
Gen.
U.S. suspends 'military engagement and assistance'
The incident, which was caught on dash-camera and cell-phone video, showed Trooper Daniel Martin pulling over a Creek Nation ambulance for a traffic-stop violation.
The United States has pledged to provide weapons and military training to moderate opposition forces in Syria.
However, the mountain is deadly for many climbers: More than 200 people have died trying to scale Everest.
House of Representatives on Tuesday, the last thing Rep.
Actress-singer Keke Palmer plays Chilli, rapper Lil' Mama portrays Left Eye and Drew Sidora is T-Boz.
(CNN) -- Evander Holyfield failed in his bid to become the oldest heavyweight champion when he lost on points to giant Russian Nikolai Valuev in Zurich, Switzerland on Saturday.
(CNN) -- Evander Holyfield failed in his bid to become the oldest heavyweight champion when he lost on points to giant Russian Nikolai Valuev in Zurich, Switzerland on Saturday.
(CNN) -- Dr.
That country's largest guerrilla group Tuesday confirmed capturing Gen.
The news agency referenced the crisis in Iraq, where militants with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) are seeking to create an Islamic caliphate that encompasses portions of Iraq and Syria.
The prosecutor decided to drop the domestic violence case against the singing couple, the clerk of Norwalk, Connecticut, Superior Court told CNN.
The failure of a Rolls-Royce engine in early November resulted in an emergency landing of a Qantas passenger plane at Singapore's Changi Airport.
The issue of violent crimes, especially rapes, by U.S. troops in Japan has divided the two countries for decades.
Turkish ground troops launched long-range missiles at the PKK positions after the air attack, the statement said.
The Yugoslavia war crimes tribunal found Zdravko Tolimir guilty of genocide, conspiracy to commit genocide and other crimes committed in the eastern Bosnian town of Srebrenica, which was overrun by Serb forces in 1995 in what later was described as the worst atrocity on European soil since the Second World War.
The killings, part of the war's so-called "ethnic cleansing," were carried out by ultra-nationalist forces bent on carving up Bosnia based on religious and ethnic affiliations.
(CNN) -- A U.S.
(CNN) -- A U.S.
Nearly one in five American women now ends her childbearing years without having a child, compared with one in ten in the 1970s, according to recently released U.S.
The project, called Anontune and still in its infancy, is designed to pull songs from third-party sources like YouTube and let anonymous users put them into playlists and share them — while keeping the service from being shut down by music industry lawsuits.
Bhatkal is believed to be a co-founder of the Indian Mujahideen, a militant group banned in India and listed by the United States as a foreign terrorist organization.
According to the CIA, Colombia produces 535 metric tons of cocaine a year, most of it for the U.S. market.
But Nathalie Savaricas, a Greek journalist, told CNN that Labor Day protests in Athens were relatively muted this year as fewer Greeks decided to demonstrate.
Istanbul is now on a citywide shut down.
(CNN) -- An animal rescue group on Sunday picked up a U.S.
According to the British Embassy in Washington, he's spent much of the last two years touring the U.K. to educate about dyslexia and other learning difficulties.
When asked about Zelaya's stated return, U.S.
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S. government announced Friday that it will impose sanctions against the regime of Col.
Those two incidents, and whether the former helped spark the latter, is just one of the topics explored in the documentary "Uprising: Hip Hop and the L.A.
(CNN) -- In-form Borussia Dortmund made it five straight wins on Sunday with a topsy-turvy 3-2 Bundesliga victory at Cologne having looked like they had thrown the three points away.
The U.N.
Even amid the fighting, the Houthis have presented the Yemeni government with a detailed peace agreement, Yemen's foreign minister told Al-Masmari on Saturday.
No cases of meningitis or other life-threatening infections have been reported, authorities said.
He opened his front door and fired a fatal shotgun blast into the face of Renisha McBride, 19, who prosecutors say was seeking help after a car accident.
A $50 billion war spending bill, which would have required U.S. troops to begin leaving Iraq within 30 days, passed the House but stalled last week in the Senate -- with Republicans balking at the withdrawal provision.
Speaking at the Pentagon, Bush called on Congress to approve the funds "without strings and without delay."
The judge has ordered Dr.
Gary Cohen leads the agency that made many of the rules for the Affordable Care Act and established the Marketplaces, where Americans can buy health insurance through Obamacare, including Healthcare.gov, according to a statement Wednesday announcing his departure.
Ben Ali is facing a military tribunal in absentia, along with dozens of former senior officials, for his alleged role in the killing of protesters in January 2011.
In a statement released by his lawyer last June he said he was a victim of "injustice" and that he had always worked for what he thought was "the good of the Tunisian people, improving living standards and progressing on the path to modernity."
The French and U.S.-educated Ben Ali trained as a soldier and later became head of the defense ministry's intelligence section -- a connection that analysts believe helped him maintain a grip on power during his presidency.
(CNN) -- A bus carrying members of a Marine Corps Reserve unit overturned at an Alabama military base Sunday, leaving 23 Marines injured, four of them critically, the military said in a news release.
(CNN) -- Some of the $85 million in hurricane relief supplies given away as federal surplus will be sent back to Louisiana and given to nonprofit agencies for distribution, the state's hurricane recovery office said Tuesday.
A CNN investigation revealed last week that FEMA gave away the supplies as government surplus, even though agencies like Unity -- which works to resettle hurricane victims -- were still seeking the kind of supplies given away.
Giffords is currently undergoing rehabilitation at a medical facility in Houston, Texas.
PARIS, France (CNN) -- French Internet users who download files illegally could have their service cut off under a new law enacted by the French government.
And in a third attack, a suicide bomber detonated his vest at the gate of a police headquarters in the Baraki Barak district of Logar province, police said.
The hearing was both a serious, powerful debate and an exercise in the tricky personal and political barbs that now litter the Senate.
Five-time U.S.
In announcing his bid for the presidency, Gen.
Coca Cola and Pepsi are among the biggest spenders in the Middle East during the month, with telecommunication companies often bringing up the rear.
The last of the airport's 13 airlines -- Cape Air -- will resume flights on Tuesday, airport officials said.
It was not immediately clear who carried out the attack.
In Baghdad's Sadr City, a Shiite neighborhood, a roadside bomb killed three Housing Ministry employees and wounded three others Thursday morning.
Bomb attacks near other religious shrines in Iraq have happened several times in the past.
Fierce fighting occurred near the shrines in Karbala in August 2007 between Shiite rivals -- members of Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr's Mehdi Army Mehdi Army and security officers affiliated with the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq.
The Audubon Society, which is affiliated with the Louisiana Coastal Initiative, is making its Center for Birds of Prey in Florida available for bird cleansing and rehabilitation and is seeking volunteers.
The Deep Water Horizon response team is looking for help in identifying shoreline and animals affected.
(CNN) -- U.S.
(CNN) -- U.S.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sens.
(CNN) -- Liverpool director Tom Hicks Jr has resigned from his position with the club and their parent company Kop Holdings in the wake of a foul-mouthed e-mail rant at a fan.
Insect allergies may be harder to control than some food allergies because it's not always possible to predict when bees, wasps and other stinging bugs are around, Capes said.
In rare cases, even mosquito bites can lead to anaphylaxis, Bassett said.
On August 27, Arizona Gov.
His case sank U.S.-Cuba relations to a new low after initial signs of thawing when President Barack Obama took office.
(CNN) -- Mali and Ghana are through to the semifinals of the Africa Cup of Nations after both achieved hard-fought quarterfinal victories on Sunday.
(CNN) -- Former Argentine dictator Gen.
The plane, which was detained Saturday, had five people onboard -- four from Kazakhstan and one from Belarus.
Thai government officials acted after working with several intelligence agencies for several weeks, the spokesman said.
Scherbenske helped shed light on these manufactured drugs and why the DEA has stepped up its attempts to target those who sell these drugs and raise awareness about the dangers.
The agreement includes plans to create a $100 billion fund to help developing nations deal with global warming and to increase efforts to reduce emissions from deforestation.
His lethal injection was stopped because of problems in administering the drugs.
The fire was quickly put out, and no one was hurt, a Disney spokeswoman said.
--The suspect was on drugs to make him stronger and more awake during the attacks, Lippestad says.
--Police say they will announce Tuesday when they will publish the list of names of the victims.
--Police continue to search Utoya island and the surrounding waters for four or five missing people, and the island itself for clues.
Former Manchester City manager Mark Hughes is the early favorite to succeed the 63-year-old Warnock at Loftus Road.
New and noteworthy: St.
(EW.com) -- The "Cougar Town" team kicked off the winter Television Critics Association press tour by serving mimosas to a ballroom of bleary-eyed critics.
-- Co-creator Bill Lawrence expressed more appreciation for TBS rescuing the show for a fourth season, along with some playful knocks on his former network ABC.
Metz was one of the Nazi commanders who headed a slave labor camp known as Berga an der Elster, where 350 U.S.
The nation's largest veteran organization, The American Legion, and one other veterans group, Concerned Veterans for America, on Monday called for the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric K.
Like the U.S., Russia, Brazil, China and South Africa have more women than men in professional and technical positions such as teaching, medicine and finance.
But legendary jazz musician Hugh Masekela, the award-winning Freshlyground and Soweto Gospel Choir are among those added to the bill following a meeting with organizers last month.
The most exciting new frontiers of exploration are on our very own planet, says Dr.
The most exciting new frontiers of exploration are on our very own planet, says Dr.
(LonelyPlanet.com) -- Despite the daily foot traffic, Lower Manhattan is one of the most under-appreciated parts of New York City.
Al-Shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the United States because of its ties to Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda network.
Zimbabwe's cholera epidemic, which started in August, has been aggravated by erratic water supplies, shortages of water purification chemicals, broken water and sewer pipes and uncollected garbage.
More than 18,000 videogame makers gathered in San Francisco at the 26th annual Game Developers Convention (GDC 2012) to discuss the future of interactive entertainment.
Another bad reaction to medication prompted Winehouse to enter a London hospital in July, but she was discharged the next day.
The Grammy-winning Winehouse has suffered a string of health problems in recent years, many related to her battles with drug addiction.
First published as a novella within King's acclaimed 2010 collection "Full Dark, No Stars" (an excerpt of which was published in EW), the story follows Tess Thorne (Bello), a mystery and thriller writer who gets stranded while driving at night in New England and then repeatedly assaulted by the man who rescues her.
Clinton became the first U.S.
If found guilty, she could face up to 10 years in prison and a $5,000 fine.
Jiamei Tian, 58, has been charged with felony destruction of property.
"We will deal with the farm bill after the election," said Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio.
"Get ready for Anderson Cooper -- 360!" he said as he went into a slow motion round-about spin.
The heavy-water reactor has been of concern to international powers because that facility could be used as a source of plutonium -- a second pathway to a potential nuclear bomb.
Secretary of State John Kerry will not use the term war to describe Washington's impending military action against the jihadist group ISIS in Syria and Iraq, but others in the Obama administration aren't shying away from the word.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The United States Agency for International Development, USAID, on Monday urged the Cuban government to think again about its refusal of direct U.S. assistance for hurricane victims.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The United States Agency for International Development, USAID, on Monday urged the Cuban government to think again about its refusal of direct U.S. assistance for hurricane victims.
So which is it: Illicit torture or an acceptable interrogation practice?
A separate inquiry into the incident has been launched by Pakistan's Safety Investigation Board, and two crisis operation rooms have been set up at airports in both Islamabad and Karachi to provide information to the affected families.
The American Music Awards will air live from Los Angeles on November 23 at 8 p.m.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Indian authorities Tuesday filed a police complaint against Continental Airlines for frisking a former president of the country as he was to travel to New York in April.
Former president APJ Abdul Kalam was exempt from body checks, officials said.
The case stems from the death of Pvt.
"They're painting their lives.
If a majority signed, the company involved would have 90 days to negotiate union representation.
They followed in the footsteps of the only relatives who had already fled and moved into a large settlement of improvised homes, not far from Domiz refugee camp near Dohuk.
Apple's keynote begins Monday at 1 p.m.
It is unclear when senior members of the royal family, including the queen, were told about the pregnancy -- but a palace insider says Catherine's parents were already aware their eldest daughter was expecting because she was taken ill whilst staying at their family home in Berkshire this weekend.
Shortly after the vote, newly minted U.S.
Do you know a hero?
(CNN) -- Retired army Gen.
However, Jackson did have a slight pulse when Dr.
Last month, the militant group declared an "all-out war" on the government after what it said was a deadly bombing raid on civilians.
The Aztecs, a warlike and deeply religious people who built monumental works, ruled an empire stretching from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean and encompassing much of modern-day central Mexico.
Far from ignoring this growing discontent, President Xi Jinping's new administration has been targeting Communist Party officials and government bureaucrats whom they believe to be guilty of "severe breaches of discipline," a favored euphemism for corruption.
However, the military said air passengers with arrival and departure flights scheduled during the curfew are permitted to travel to and from the airports at any time, and are advised to carry a printout of their flight itinerary.
Darrell Issa, R-California, and Sen.
Pellegrini played the flowerpot Munchkin and one of the sleepy head kids in the classic 1939 film, according to spokesman Ted Bulthaup.
Recently, Hart and his Hartbeat Productions notched an unexpected victory at the box office with his debut standup film "Laugh at My Pain," which follows his recent national tour run and a stop in his hometown of Philadelphia.
Details on the new platform are scarce, but Ben Parr at Mashable reports that Facebook is partnering with top music services Spotify, MOG and Rdio to let users stream music on Facebook.com.
Music is enjoyed almost universally, and free music services have been among the fastest-growing on the web -- Napster, to name but one.
The two countries agreed to meet Monday to defuse tensions -- even as each side continued to amass more troops to the site of the Preah Vihear temple.
The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962.
These efforts haven't been coordinated with al-Assad's government, which U.S. and other Western leaders have said they want replaced -- even going as far, in some cases, as supporting and working with moderate opposition forces fighting to unseat him.
One of Iran's biggest soccer stars has been kicked off his team for refusing to fast, according to his team's website.
"I think the penalty imposed by the FIA [Hamilton was given a 10-place grid penalty for the French Grand Prix at Magny-Cours] is in line with it, even if it does not restore what was a lost opportunity for us.
Jirgas originated as a means of resolving differences between different Pashtun tribes (or clans).
Chikungunya is primarily found in Africa, East Asia and the Caribbean islands, but the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been watching the virus,+ for fear that it could take hold in the United States -- much like West Nile did more than a decade ago.
New York Gov.
They grimace at the description prosecutors painted of Knox as a resentful American so angry with Kercher that she exacted revenge during a twisted sexual misadventure.
(CNN) -- Maria Sharapova landed the Toray Pan Pacific Open title in Tokyo on Saturday as her final opponent Jelena Jankovic was forced to retire injured in the first set.
Bishop Jim Moriarty was not directly criticized in the Murphy Report, but was a member of the Dublin archdiocese leadership for more than a decade before it put proper protections for children in place, he said.
"Welcome!
• The Democrats issued their first party platform at their 1840 convention (also in Baltimore).
It tracks "uncontacted tribes" -- indigenous groups that are thought to have had no contact with outsiders -- and seeks to protect them from encroachment.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Protesters threw bricks and bottles Friday at police outside a mosque in London after about 1,000 people showed up to counter a planned a right-wing demonstration there, police said.
In northern Lebanon, in the town of Becharre near the famous cedar tree forests, the local specialty is kibbeh mishwiyeh: fresh minced lamb rolled up with bulgur wheat to form giant meatballs the size of tennis balls, stuffed with caramelized onions and pine nuts and grilled until crunchy on the outside.
Nearby in Tripoli, Lebanon's second-largest city, the iconic pastry shop Abdel Rahman Hallab specializes in regional pastries like halawit jibneh—soft ricotta-like cheese rolled in pastry and topped with sugar syrup—and sfiha, small savory pies topped with spicy beef or lamb and pine nuts.
Sen.
The U.S. military was still assessing the damage to the refineries by the airstrikes, Kirby said.
Some passengers reported hearing a loud bang before the ship began sinking.
Most people with ALS die from respiratory failure within three to five years of first symptoms, according to the National Institute of Health.
The deadline for customers to ask for a refund ended in April according to the FTC's Cheryl Hackley.
(CNN) -- G.
About 34,000 new U.S.
When found early, oral cancer patients have an 80 to 90 percent survival rate.
About five years ago, the company got away from developing its own games to focus on publishing and distribution.
(CNN) -- World No.
Belfast International, Dublin, Donegal, Sligo and Ireland West (Knock) airports were set to close at 7 a.m.
The San Francisco Conservatory of Flowers is an under-appreciated romantic gem located in Golden Gate Park.
"We don't have any medicines.
The message was sent out in multiple languages, including Arabic.
(CNN) -- The news editor of the Zambian newspaper The Post has gone on trial for allegedly circulating obscene material to politicians, the newspaper states on its Web site.
The government spent four years and millions of dollars in that investigation and 18 years later, many still question whether they got it right.
Yaounde, Cameroon (CNN) -- A French family kidnapped in northern Cameroon earlier this year has been released, the Cameroonian government said Friday.
The seven members of the family were handed over to government officials late Thursday and are unharmed, said Cameroon's Communications Minister Issa Tchiroma Bakari.
They top the Dutch standings ahead of defending champions FC Twente who kept up the chase with a 3-2 win over Den Haag, with Marc Janko scoring the crucial goal.
Saudi officials have been reluctant to comment on the original protest, the arrests or subsequent demonstrations.
"Shrewbot" is the latest in a line of robots developed by teams at the UK's Bristol Robotics Laboratory (BRL) that aims to test whether artificial whiskers could help a robot find its way around.
The U.S. said Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Bahrain and Jordan had joined in the attack on ISIS targets near Raqqa in Syria.
Violence broke out in Darfur, a region of Sudan, in 2003 when non-Arab rebel groups took up arms against the central government in Khartoum, accusing it of neglect and discrimination.
"This is a mutual parting and we wish Alec all the best," the MSNBC spokesman said Tuesday.
(CNN) -- At least seven U.N. peacekeepers were killed and 17 others were injured in an ambush Saturday morning near their base in Manawashi, north of the South Darfur regional capital of Nyala, a U.N. spokesman said.
(CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored the winner as Real Madrid beat 10-man Manchester United 2-1 Tuesday to reach the quarterfinals of the Champions League 3-2 on aggregate after a pulsating match which turned on the controversial dismissal of Nani just before the hour mark.
In his first speech as party leader, Noda called for party unity to tackle Japan's massive problems.
Tokyo Electric Power Co.
Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, stopped short of calling for U.S. military action in eastern Syria, an ISIS stronghold.
The four men who were laid to rest had each worked at Hartford Distributors for around 30 years before Omar Thornton's shooting spree Tuesday, which ended when he took his own life.
Connecticut Gov.
DUBLIN, Ireland (CNN) -- Michael D.
He is to be Ireland's ninth head of state and is scheduled to be inaugurated on November 11, one day after President Mary McAleese leaves office.
The fire began Monday afternoon about 12 miles west of Sabine Pass and about 200 yards from the Intracoastal Waterway, Jim Stockie, spokesman for the fish and wildlife service said.
This research is important, because 1 in 8 people who are 65 and older have Alzheimer's disease, and the incidence of the disease is expected to nearly triple by 2050 as the number of older Americans grows.
Do you know a hero?
Sen.
Sen.
While he deservedly gets credit for being the college coach who popularized the net-cutting ritual, some sources -- including Tim Peeler's "Legends of N.C.
KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- The U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan said roadside bombs have doubled and kidnapping have increased over the last year in the war-torn country, but said the cultivation of opium poppies that is used to produce heroin has declined.
New York (CNN) -- New York is set to become the latest state to open the door for medical marijuana, with Gov.
Prostate cancer screenings include a blood test for elevated levels of the prostate specific antigen protein and a digital rectal examination.
Mammograms have helped reduce breast cancer mortality rates in the U.S. by nearly one-third since 1990, according to the American College of Radiology.
Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related death, but also one of the most curable if caught early.
Do you know a hero?
At least 100 people were injured and more than 120 were arrested in the violent clashes, occurring exactly one year before the World Cup kicks off in Brazil's financial capital.
Her family asked for privacy "at this most difficult time," but Ritzer's social network postings offer insight into her personality and passions.
Two-thirds of the House and Senate would need to approve the amendment -- a stumbling block that short-circuited the idea 14 years ago.
This is the first use of force against ISIS both since ISIS rebranded from al Qaeda in Iraq and since the departure of U.S. forces at the end of 2011.
Investigators believe Jundal was on the phone coordinating the attack from Pakistan as 10 gunmen staged the bloody three-day siege throughout India's commercial capital.
Indian forces killed nine of the 10 gunmen and later put the lone survivor on trial.
It is significant because it is the first time a weapon of this type has been used against an Israeli aircraft, though the missile did not manage to hit its target.
(CNN) -- Spanish champions Barcelona were held to a battling 0-0 draw by Athletic Bilbao in their Spanish Cup last-16 first-leg tie at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Mario Balotelli scored the winner as Italy came from behind to beat the Czech Republic 2-1 to seal Group B, while the Dutch had a pair of Robin van Persie goals to thank for a 2-0 win in Andorra to wrap up Group D of European qualifying.
The returning workers are clinicians for Partners in Health, a Boston-based aid group.
The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is moving -- fast.
It's hard to understate the depth of the Bush-Clinton impact on American politics.
Think of it this way: For 32 years, there was either a Bush or a Clinton in the White House or the Cabinet.
The Copyright Alert System was announced last July and has been four years in the making.
Apple is expected to unveil the new iOS 7 at WWDC 2013, its developers conference that kicks off June 10.
The Barcelona star won three times as many votes as second-placed Cristiano Ronaldo, the 2008 winner, from the coaches and captains of men's and women's national teams -- completing a stunning year for the 22-year-old.
Sanofi Pasteur made more than 60 million doses of Fluzone for the United States alone.
Jordan -- who is acting as the honorary assistant captain for the U.S. team at the event -- puffed while playing a practice round despite the city's ban on smoking at public golf courses.
President Yoweri Museveni still has to assent to the bill for it to become law -- "So our only hope now is with the president of Uganda -- and we plan to put as much pressure as necessary to ensure that this bill doesn't pass into law," said Byarugaba, who is also a winner of the U.S.
(CNN) -- The US has slapped sanctions on three firms including a major Chinese oil trader for selling refined oil products to Iran, just days after US Treasury secretary Tim Geithner travelled to Beijing to press for Chinese support on Iran sanctions.
In March, the FDA issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product's label, like color or a logo, the product requires new approval from the administration.
Mark Berndt, 62, who taught at Miramonte Elementary School for more than 30 years, was accused of putting pupils in bondage and then photographing them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and 3-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces.
(CNN) -- The Italian Grand Prix will be held at the historic Monza track until 2016 after a new four-year deal was clinched.
Only 7 percent of Americans are aware of location-based social networks, according to data from Edison Research.
Cell phone videos of alleged police misconduct have proliferated online, flooding social media websites and provoking questions about law enforcement behavior.
The Saturday morning blaze destroyed an earth mover and damaged three other vehicles at the future site of the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro, said Camie Ayash, a spokeswoman for the center.
The five survivors were found and airlifted to land around 2 a.m.
The U.S.
The first of the vehicles blew up in southern Baghdad's Dora district at about 10 a.m.
(CNN) -- Government officials and health experts from around the world are meeting this week in South Korea to discuss a series of proposals that could put restrictions on tobacco growing.
Then he noted he doesn't have to when B.B.
Alley, who's twice divorced, recently told PEOPLE she's looking for love.
The passports were forged in Thailand and supplied to groups linked to al Qaeda, the police statement said..
But while Apple still leads the pack with an astonishing 82.7% market share, the app race is far from over.
What's more, the average cost of paid apps is only $2.43, with just 33% of smartphone users downloading apps on a monthly basis, says Forrester.
Reservoir Dogs: Mr.
There are elements on both sides that don't want a compromise, and they could certainly have the potential of undermining the truce.
Do you know a hero?
But John Hope Bryant saw an opportunity for economic empowerment.
Bryant is the founder of Operation Hope, a financial literacy and small business development program formed after the riots.
He led a convoy of bankers, businesses leaders, politicians and entrepreneurs on a bus tour Tuesday to survey the past and recognize economic progress in south Los Angeles 20 years later.
The idea that has investors around the globe worried is the so-called "Grexit" -- or Greek exit from the eurozone -- a tricky scenario that is now looking like a real possibility.
(CNN) -- When the Democratic National Committee meets Saturday on the thorny issue of seating the Florida and Michigan delegations at its August convention, party officials will have to fashion a solution that satisfies supporters of Sen.
And it was built by one of Mexico's most notorious criminal organizations, the Sinaloa cartel, U.S.
(CNN) -- The state of Arizona executed convicted killer Jeffrey Landrigan late Tuesday after the U.S.
B) If your friend gave credit to a tipster whom you don't know, no need to do serial citations ("AMAZING PUPPY VIDEO via @myfriend via @herfriend via @anotherrando.")
(CNN) -- Costa Rican President Oscar Arias has been diagnosed with the H1N1 virus, commonly known as the swine flu, the government said in a televised statement on Tuesday.
Rear Adm.
John Stufflebeem was demoted and fired from his post as director of the Navy staff.
U.S.
Taylor faces war crimes charges over a brutal conflict in Sierra Leone which was fueled by rough diamonds, also known as blood diamonds or conflict diamonds.
Concern over the rate of suicide attempts prompted Sen.
Willem-Alexander was sworn in as the first Dutch king in more than 120 years on Tuesday after his mother, Queen Beatrix, abdicated the throne, ending 33 years as the country's monarch.
The Justice Department did not estimate how long it will take to go through cases or how many total cases may be reviewed.
Canadian Sen.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Nine people killed in a military action targeting militants in eastern Afghanistan apparently were members of an insurgent network, a U.S. military official told CNN on Tuesday.
(CNN)Journalist Steven Brill has written a new book about our dysfunctional system of health care and it's getting a lot of attention.
"Obviously (it will be) difficult, but we have been doing our work, and we will be successful," he said.
Bateman, in particular, is enjoyably nimble and unbuttoned when he sheds his usual persona of responsible-and-exasperated guy and lets some devil out.
He crashed during his attempt at a U-turn while speeding down the street in front of his home -- a daring move from atop the specialized barstool even for the most nimble and sober of men.
(CNN) -- Gov.
She founded a substance abuse center and research clinic at Tel Aviv's Sourasky Medical Center and the Dr.
(CNN) -- About 300,000 people are now estimated to be internally displaced in Kyrgyzstan by ethnic violence, the U.N.
Syrians began destroying their country's chemical weapons program Sunday under the oversight of an advance team of inspectors from OPCW, the world's chemical weapons watchdog, and U.N. security personnel, Ban said.
Staff Sgt.
National Geographic Kids magazine encouraged readers to donate their old denim instead of throwing it away.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- More than 33,000 items of old denim -- jeans, hats and jackets -- were sent to Washington in a recycling effort that will benefit disaster-struck homes, officials said.
(CNN) -- In the past two weeks, police have killed at least four people with psychiatric disabilities, each of whom had a weapon.
In January, the Taiwanese government offered the island's residents up to $108 each to go shopping, in another attempt to stimulate the economy.
Department of Health and Human Services, Dr.
Artist, sculptor and former Marine firefighter Curtis James Miller will unveil his memorial Sunday, the 10th anniversary of the terrorist attacks, in an Atlanta suburb.
The U.S.
The evacuation was ordered after authorities were unable to immediately contact the pilot, U.S.
"This Bike is a Pipe Bomb" is the name of a band based in Pensacola, Florida, and this is not the first time in the band's 12-year history the name has caused a commotion.
Bikes sporting similar stickers at college campuses in Ohio and Philadelphia led to building closures, arrests and the bikes' destruction by bomb squads acting on the assumption the sticker was announcing a real threat.
To call it the most anticipated teaser of the year is an understatement.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Four British Coastguard helicopters of the same model as the one that crashed off Canada last week have been grounded in Scotland to replace a gearbox mounting part, and all those models worldwide are expected to be grounded as well.
President Mamadou Tandja is said to be detained in a military camp following Thursday's coup.
Patty Murray and Kirsten Gillibrand, Rep.
Lt.
The 4G Xyboard is Motorola's follow-up to its pricey, not terribly popular Xoom tablet, which was released in February.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The United States temporarily closed its government facilities in South Africa on Tuesday after a "possible threat" to its embassy, the U.S.
Pfc.
Robert F.
Talks involving Democratic Sen.
Arapahoe County District Judge Carlos Samour Jr. ordered Holmes to undergo an independent exam by the Colorado Mental Health Institute in Pueblo by early March, and the report must be filed by July 14.
Full Time 4WD offers both two-wheel drive mode and 4WD, depending on road conditions (driver must engage and disengage the 4WD).
The Monkees frontman and token Brit who captivated audiences with his talent and charisma was the quintessential teen heartthrob.
The Vegas miniresidency is a first for KISS, which is celebrating its 40th anniversary as a band.
Dr.
(CNN) -- The indefatigable Thomas Voeckler gave home fans a boost by winning the 10th stage of the Tour de France in Bellegarde-sur-Valserine Wednesday.
Proceeds of the lottery help Standing Together Against Rape in Anchorage, a nonprofit group that offers support to sexual assault victims among other services.
Retired army Gen.
The legislation was spearheaded by Sen.
Do you know a hero?
Real Madrid winger Cristiano Ronaldo will miss his side's La Liga clash with Sevilla with an ankle injury.
Tens of millions of the worm-like larvae have appeared in the northern part of the country, where they are destroying green crops like cabbage and collard greens and contaminating the water supply, Liberian Information Minister Laurance Bropleh told CNN Wednesday from the capital of Monrovia.
The designation under Executive Order 13382 freezes any U.S. assets of Hong Kong Electronics and prohibits any transactions with the company by U.S.
LONDON, England -- Scientists in the U.S. are developing a laser gun that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes.
Reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi -- a former prime minister considered a threat to current hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- created a Facebook page for his campaign that has more than 5,000 supporters on the site.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Accused investment swindler Bernard L.
Major indexes around the globe have plummeted over the last two months.
Meier: I wanted to make a game that was fun to play.
As problems mount, Rep.
As of May 10, BP said the clean up has cost it $350 million which includes money for the failed dome, also a $100 million block grant to four states and $100 million to drill that relief well.
Kyle Alden, left, and Marine Cpl.
Lance Cpl.
Penny, played by Keira Knightley, hits on the idea of going with this stranger.
The trip will be "profound and far-reaching for bilateral ties," state-run media reported, saying that preparations have begun for the visit.
Relations between the two countries have hit rough patches in the past year.
(CNN) -- Nigeria joined Group C rivals Egypt in the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations after they completed a 3-0 victory over Mozambique on Wednesday.
Defending champions Egypt cruised into the knockout stages with a 100 percent record after a routine 2-0 victory over Benin which extended their unbeaten run in the Africa Cup of Nations to 16 games.
The win ensured the 'Pharaohs' qualified with nine points at the top of Group C and Nigeria went through with six while Benin and Mozambique end their campaigns with just a point apiece.
Despite her positions on gay rights issues being largely unknown, Sammon said, the Log Cabin Republicans were also satisfied with McCain's choice of running mate, Alaska Gov.
Ravina Shamdasani, spokeswoman for the U.N.
Denmark, Norway, Switzerland, the Netherlands and Sweden are the world's happiest countries, according to the survey of 156 countries.
Rwanda, Burundi, the Central African Republic, Benin and Togo -- all nations in Sub-Saharan Africa -- are the least satisfied with their lives, the report said.
The battleground states are moving south and west
New electoral math makes it harder for a Democrat to win the presidency
State Rep.
Mandela also had a humorous side, even flirtatious at times.
"We will accept it.
"Shame on us as Republicans," Sen.
David Petraeus, the top U.S.
NATO and British officials had said earlier she was killed by her captors, who detonated an explosive.
Brown, daughter of the late star Whitney Houston, was found unresponsive in a bathtub on January 31 at her home in Roswell, Georgia.
Bill Hedden, 59, was snorkeling in a South Carolina lake on Sunday when the 12-foot-long gator attacked, according to witnesses.
The U.N.
Marines flew a C-130 aircraft Friday into South Sudan's capital to evacuate about 20 U.S.
In Switzerland, where she is attending a conference, U.S.
(CNN) -- An Austrian man who allegedly held his daughter as a sex slave for 24 years has been charged with murdering one of their children, prosecutors say.
Do you know a hero?
(Financial Times) -- Barclays will take the axe to its controversial tax structuring unit, as the UK lender seeks to clean up its image in the wake of a succession of scandals.
(Financial Times) -- Barclays will take the axe to its controversial tax structuring unit, as the UK lender seeks to clean up its image in the wake of a succession of scandals.
Barclays' actions comes as global banks from Goldman Sachs to Deutsche Bank are reviewing their business models in response to new regulations and government enforcement efforts.
Arizona law has nothing in the books regulating assault rifles, and only requires permits for carrying concealed weapons.
Amer Deghayes, now 20, is the eldest of four Brighton youths known to have gone to fight in Syria.
Sen.
Forecasters predict the river will crest Saturday about 20 feet above flood stage.
Der Spiegel identifies the soldiers as Spc.
Washington (CNN) -- Nearly a billion people worldwide have limited access to clean water, the State Department says, and the crisis disproportionately affects women and girls.
Washington (CNN) -- After weeks of urging the Obama administration to implement a travel ban to and from Ebola stricken countries, Louisiana Gov.
Gary Lamont Sumner faces a murder charge for his alleged role in the deaths of Byrd and Melanie Billings on Thursday, Escambia County, Florida, Sheriff David Morgan said.
Hopkins conducted a pair of U.S. spacewalks for a total 12 hours and 58 minutes.
He faces a federal charge of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, the justice department said.
BEIJING, China (CNN) -- U.S.
The bill now heads to the state Senate for approval.
It also prohibits government-administered insurance plans, such as those under the Affordable Care Act, to pay for abortions -- though it makes exceptions when a pregnancy endangers a woman's life.
EW can confirm that 26-year-old Rose McIver will star as Cathy in "Petals on the Wind," the network's upcoming sequel to its hit adaptation of V.C.
Tokyo Electric also plans to build a new structure to support the No.
"And I think that she will follow where the evidence leads.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of J.
The fighters were in the custody of troops led by Gen.
Indonesia has offered to provide observers in the border area and help both sides resolve the crisis diplomatically.
Aristegui also hosts a nightly television talk show on CNN en Espanol.
Shezanne Cassim plans to fly back to the United States on Thursday, family spokeswoman Jennifer Gore said.
She was convicted of violating the kingdom's strict Islamic law by not having a male guardian with her at the mall.
(CNN) -- England went into the Rugby World Cup quarterfinals on Saturday after a dramatic late 16-12 victory over Scotland at Eden Park in New Zealand.
(CNN) -- Ferrari have said they are "astonished and saddened" by criticism from Italian politician Roberto Calderoli, after he called for the resignation of their chairman in the wake of Fernando Alonso's failure to secure the Formula One title on Sunday.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
On Monday, a portion of the ashes of 20-year-old C.J. are expected to be launched into space by a Houston company called Celestis, which has been sending cremated remains into Earth orbit, onto the lunar surface or into deep space since 1997.
In Europe, the measles outbreak has been far worse than in the United States, with thousands of confirmed cases correlating with a decline in vaccination rates sparked by Andrew Wakefield's 1998 fraudulent study alleging a connection between the MMR vaccine and autism.
JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Israeli officials are seeking a meeting with Turkey's ambassador to protest a show on Turkish television that reportedly depicts Israeli soldiers murdering Palestinian children.
She is expected to return to the stage in Allentown, Pennsylvania, on Monday night.
"We didn't expect this.
Davis said he doesn't get enough credit for raising his players' grade-point averages and graduation rates during that time period, although critics say paper classes were part of the reason those GPAs rose.
California Gov.
Since 1977 he has been president of the Foundation On Economic Trends (FOET).
Confession 2.0 is a place where anonymity is a substitute for privacy and the intimacy traditionally experienced by talking to a priest, therapist or friend is replaced by a virtual community of strangers.
Hong Kong (CNN)Student leaders will meet with Hong Kong government representatives Tuesday, the first time the two sides have met since pro-democracy protesters took to the streets of the city more than three weeks ago.
Terreblanche was convicted of a 1996 attempted murder of a black man who worked as a security guard on his farm.
There will be no cap on how much the donation will add up to, the USO said.
The Academy also noted that this is the first time its members will be able to vote electronically.
Al-Shabaab, the Islamist militia with ties to al Qaeda, claimed responsibility for the attack, according to the African Union.
All Elliot Shirback wanted for Christmas this year was cards.
U.S.
Rep.
But Republican Sen.
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab, the militant group that claimed responsibility for the Thursday attack.
Government forces and pro-Russia rebels have been battling for control of eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions since April, after Russia annexed Ukraine's southeastern Crimea region the previous month.
Nebraska was set to begin offering marriage licenses to same-sex couples on Monday.
(EW.com) -- Three weeks ago, Harry Potter author J.K.
Sharapova was thrashed 6-0 6-2 by Slovakia's Dominika Cibulkova in her last-eight match on Tuesday while fellow Russian Safina overcame 19-year-old Azarenka 1-6 6-4 6-2.
Nearly 30% of today's veterans return from war with some kind of service-related disability -- often PTSD or traumatic brain injury -- and too often, the VA fails them.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Aircraft manufacturer Airbus is ready to fund a third search of the Atlantic Ocean if a second search, now under way, fails to find debris from last month's Air France crash, the company said Friday.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Leading British Cabinet minister Jacqui Smith's political future is in doubt after her husband admitted to paying for adult movies with taxpayers' money.
The fighters were in the custody of troops led by Gen.
Washington (CNN) -- U.S.
Terrorism in Nigeria has been in the global spotlight recently since more than 200 school girls were kidnapped by Boko Haram.
"P.S.
U.S.
Moving the capital to the town of Ramciel will provide more room for expansion, the government said in a news release on its website.
The public debt building has become a number nerds' paradise.
helicopter gunships supported Iraqi ground forces battling ISIS militants in al-Baghdadi, military sources said, an action that brings U.S. troops closer to combat.
Researchers are still struggling to understand the origin of the virus.
(CNN) -- Pakistan were indebted to an inspired bowling performance from their captain to survive a major scare from minnows Canada and maintain their 100 per cent record at the Cricket World Cup.
One of the great joys (or, depending on who you are, nightmares) of the holiday commerce season is the never-ending stream of Christmas music filling in all the empty airspace in your local shopping malls and department stores.
"It seems Ryanair is prepared to plumb any depth to make a fast buck and, once again, is putting profit before the comfort of its customer," said Rochelle Turner, Head of Research at Which?
DSK says how he still feels "very angry" at the U.S.
Funded by DARPA, the research branch of the Pentagon, the DEKA project was overseen by Dean Kamen, who invented the Segway personal vehicle.
Calls to the Iranian mission at the United Nations have not been returned, and the whereabouts of Golkanbhan are not clear.
(CNN) -- China's National People's Congress (NPC) meets every year and brings about 3,000 national delegates together in Beijing's Great Hall of the People to discuss government reports, pass legislation and formalize appointments of government officials.
Some of the wounded in hospitals here say they might risk a return to Syria through similar illegal crossings in order to rejoin the revolution.
(CNN) -- North Carolina's Senate passed a restrictive abortion bill Thursday, and it now heads to Gov.
Indian authorities insisted that their ship had acted against a pirate vessel that had threatened to attack the Tabar.
The last woman to race an F1 car was Lella Lombardi back in 1976.
Some Subways will still make you the popular pizza sub from the 1990s.
It's the second big theft of this kind in Greece this year.
Guatemala City (CNN) -- When former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt was convicted of genocide and sentenced to 80 years in prison this month, it was not expected to be the end of story.
Human rights groups say they will appeal the decision.
The bills come as Arizona's immigration law is stuck in a federal appeals court.
Bandar was the Saudi ambassador to Washington for nearly 22 years before he was replaced in 2005.
"Music and terrorism don't mix!" the Tedeschi firm said on its Facebook page, which carries the cover image with a circle and a line crossed through it.
The FBI has been especially aggressive in examining white supremacy groups, which have ramped up their anti-Obama comments.
A major unknown is how large the crowd will be for Tuesday's activities.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- China plans to hold special courses to train government leaders in ways of managing online public opinion, according to a report in state-run media.
World No.
The new No.
It also requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and requires police to question people if there is reason to suspect they're in the United States illegally.
The U.N.
Her father is the former resident chief of otolaryngology (which is a fancy word for an eye, ear and throat doctor) at Boston University Hospital and her 92-year-old grandfather still practices medicine.
"Bones" star Emily Deschanel and her husband, "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia"'s David Hornsby, welcomed their first child Wednesday, a baby boy named Henry Hornsby, Deschanel's rep confirms to PEOPLE exclusively.
"Bones" star Emily Deschanel and her husband, "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia"'s David Hornsby, welcomed their first child Wednesday, a baby boy named Henry Hornsby, Deschanel's rep confirms to PEOPLE exclusively.
Certainly, "Taken's" weekend sum could decrease slightly after the Super Bowl is played tonight and the actual final Friday-to-Sunday box office figures are calculated, but the film has no chance of falling out of first place.
Editor's note: Timothy P.
Ice storms hit parts of Connecticut, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania over the weekend, prompting the mayor of Danbury, Connecticut, to begin the hashtag #Icezilla.
The nations fought a protracted military conflict between 1980 and 1988, in which up to 1.5 million people died.
The Middle East neighbors have enjoyed closer ties in recent years, especially as Iraq's Shia Muslim majority has solidified its power in the absence of former leader Saddam Hussein, a Sunni Muslim.
Human rights groups estimate 1,700 to 5,000 people were executed in China last year for crimes such as spying, corruption and drug trafficking.
Ashe was the first black man to win the U.S.
(CNN) -- Fabian Cancellara retained his gold jersey at the Vuelta Espana despite being caught up in a huge pile-up involving the leading riders near the end of Tuesday's fourth stage from Venlo to Liege.
When Giuseppe DiBella's beloved 6-month-old puppy Nika disappeared from his home in Newburgh, New York, he immediately plastered countless fliers around town showing pictures of Nika as well as the toy fox terrier's microchip number.
Franchitti ends his career with 31 IndyCar wins and 33 starts in the No.
Celebrants in Bethlehem, the traditional birthplace of Jesus in the West Bank, however, joined the Latin Patriarch Fouad Twal for a midnight Mass attended by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and other Palestinian officials.
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S. government stepped up its humanitarian relief effort for Libya on Friday, sending two C-130 military transport planes loaded with supplies to neighboring Tunisia.
Gadhafi's "air defense systems are certainly old and it (should not be) a major challenge ... to impose a no-fly zone," Sen.
At 25%, Spain has the highest rate of unemployment in Europe, according to Eurostat.
"We got a long way to go to get this thing contained," Gov.
China's breakneck economic growth over the past three decades has seen an explosion in the size of China's cities and towns, especially along its prosperous east coast.
Many of these migrant workers, known as "mingong," have left the countryside for the cities looking for better-paid jobs in areas such as manufacturing.
The conference, which begins Monday, is organized by U.S.
Su Rong, a former vice chairman of China's top political advisory body, was formally removed from his post on Wednesday.
Bababcan's comments come as Turkey continues to push for European Union membership, an ambition questioned by some who point to the country's already strong economy and powerful geographical position.
"This isn't a game ...
Murtha, 77, died February 8 of complications from gall bladder surgery.
"Occupy Boston is NOT done!
The U.S.
She is believed to be the first U.S.
The 787 is 20% more fuel efficient than similarly-sized aircraft, a change which allows airlines to save money and deploy the plane on longer routes, Boeing said.
(CNN) -- A Somali man believed to have ties to terrorist groups was shot as he allegedly tried to enter the home of Danish political cartoonist Kurt Westergaard -- known for his controversial depictions of the Muslim prophet Mohammed -- on Friday, police said.
(CNN) -- A Somali man believed to have ties to terrorist groups was shot as he allegedly tried to enter the home of Danish political cartoonist Kurt Westergaard -- known for his controversial depictions of the Muslim prophet Mohammed -- on Friday, police said.
Iran should be able to enjoy its right to peaceful nuclear energy while avoiding further hostilities and instability.
There are no recent studies on how many children have ingested high-powered magnets, although the Consumer Products Safety Commission has received reports of 200 cases since 2008.
Some television and radio stations did not air the planned 30-second test at all.
A federal judge in March had blocked the importation of thiopental into states like Arizona, South Carolina, and Georgia saying it was a "misbranded drug and an unapproved drug."
There is no official word, yet, on how violators would be punished.
Flight 139 from Denver to Tokyo was diverted to Seattle on Tuesday afternoon "due to an indication of a problem with an oil filter," United said in a statement to CNN.
The Sri Lankan military said Sunday that it had captured the last rebel stronghold and killed five rebel leaders after three days of gunbattles.
Last November, Yeater claimed that she and Bieber had sex backstage following a show in Los Angeles, and that he was the father of her then-three month old baby boy.
In London, Bieber also said he'd recorded 40 songs for the record, and of the various collaborations (ranging from Taylor Swift to Drake to Kanye West) he said, "It's so cool to do different styles and step out of my comfort zone."
Fort Hood, Texas (CNN) -- Pvt.
Despite his injury, Foster, who has a wife and two young children, said he still plans to deploy to Afghanistan in January.
"O God, why did you snatch away my son?" she sobbed.
The firefighters were among the New Haven 20 -- one Hispanic and 19 white firefighters -- who fought the city after it threw out the results of a 2003 firefighter promotion exam that left too few minorities qualified for promotions.
The vaccines are designed to alert the body to cells that don't belong and trigger the body's immune system to attack multiple points on the cancer cells.
(CNN)Former Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been ordered to stand trial over her role in a controversial rice subsidy scheme that cost the country billions.
The first court hearing will take place on May 19, a statement from Thailand's supreme court said.
"D.L.
State Rep.
In response, Reid has called his opponent "too extreme" in TV ads airing across the state, and even President Obama weighed in at a July event for Reid, saying, "[Angle] favors an approach that's even more extreme than the Republicans we've got in Washington.
Do you know a hero?
Mona Yvette Nelson, 44, a maintenance worker and an acquaintance of the boy's family, was arrested Wednesday and the Harris County District Attorney's Office has accepted capital murder charges, said spokesman Kese Smith of the Houston Police Department.
(CNN) -- NASA said Wednesday that it is collaborating with recording artist Mary J.
A public service announcement featuring shuttle astronaut Leland Melvin and Blige will begin running this week on NASA TV and on the agency's website.
The tool, which was built over 63 hours in a Startup Weekend-style project, is adjustable and interactive.
(One exception: Seuss' "Mulberry," in which the adult condemns the child's sense of wonder -- but then, she adds, "Dr.
Pioz is saddled with €16 million of debt, making it Spain's most indebted town.
Today, only 3,500 people live in these housing estates designed for 25,000.
The banking sector has €186 billion-worth of troubled real estate assets on its books.
The Facebook system competes most directly with Disqus (a system Wired.com has just starting using), which also creates a single, central profile used to comment on any site that uses the system.
Adidas is now working with top designers, such as Stella McCartney, to create a distinctive genre of sportswear and lifestyle fashion products.
The "insider" attack occurred on a patrol base in the Nahr-e Saraj district of Helmand province.
Thule makes a roof rack system (starting at around $320) that can be fitted with a multi-kayak carrier that will have you floating downstream in no time -- just don't forget your paddle.
Arguing that "FarmVille" was "basically a rip-off" of earlier title "myFarm" anyway, Tinney counters that "FrontierVille" is "a step in the right direction" for the company because it offers a more original take on an existing formula.
"Social game makers are just getting warmed up," says Games.com's Goad, citing Playfish and its swashbuckling title "Pirates Ahoy!" as a prime example.
(CNN) -- Latin American nations overwhelmingly rejected nearly 50 years of U.S. policy toward Cuba on Wednesday, voting at a meeting of the Organization of American States in Honduras to revoke the communist nation's 1962 suspension from the multinational group.
About 100 people were in the church when the bomb exploded, police said.
Investigations are under way to determine who planted the bomb, which damaged the church.
Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated.
Police revealed Friday that Zawahri tried a buy a weapon in 2011, but the U.S.
In the absence of safe, legal ways to reach European territories, refugees are forced into dangerous and abusive situations, and often obliged to embrace the perils of life-threatening journeys and the unscrupulous services of smugglers.
Google Maps 6.0 for Android launched Tuesday with a bold initiative: indoor mapping.
To this end, Google has partnered with more than 25 major businesses that handle large crowds on a regular basis -- major travel sites like San Francisco International and Chicago's O'Hare airports, as well as giant retailers like Macy's and Bloomingdale's.
David Silva, Sergio Aguero, Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri all scored as Manchester City sailed past Newcastle United 4-0.
Noel M.
Korean envoys' visit comes on heels of former President Clinton's trip to N.
Half of all home purchases in February were by first-time homebuyers, according to The Financial Times of London.
The real key to finding a deal is to know the local market conditions where you're buying.
Dr.
Kyle became a legend in military circles due to his 160 confirmed kills and developed a deadly reputation in Iraq, where he served several times.
Chapman was elected to the public board of the pro-government The Young Guard of United Russia on Wednesday, according to Russian news agency reports.
Clancy's 1984 novel "The Hunt for Red October" propelled him to fame, fortune and status as a favorite storyteller of the American military.
Jabbar Yawer, spokesman for Iraq's Kurdish Regional Government security forces, said at least 16 rounds were fired on Dashti Barzji -- an uninhabited area in Iraq's Irbil province located about 12 miles from Iraq's border.
"The entire medical community is opposed to these phony therapies," Sen.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Months after announcing the reintroduction of the low-cost Datsun brand -- to be assembled in Indonesia -- Nissan Motor Company on Tuesday moved its global headquarters for its luxury Infiniti line to Hong Kong to be closer to the red-hot Chinese luxury market.
"We're going to continue to do that (offshore production), obviously, because how can you compete with the yen at 80 yen to the dollar when the historic level has been 110 (yen to the dollar)?"
Setola is allegedly the head of a killing team run by the powerful Casalesi clan which belongs to the Neapolitan mafia known as Camorra.
"We've asked for it back.
China's population, which now stands at about 1.3 billion, is growing at the rate of 0.6 percent and is expected to peak around 1.6 billion by 2050, according to the U.S.
Carbon trading is said to be one way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
At the heart of the issue is a seemingly simple phrase: "Likely to die."
Like "Indiana Jones," "Tintin" exists in a lost world of colonial exploration and adventure.
Such antics might seem positively antiquarian, but the story moves at a good lick and Spielberg's touch is lighter than we've seen in his live action movies for years.
He worked at the National Archives and Records Administration, known as NARA, for more than 40 years and was once the head of the department involving motion picture and sound recordings.
But the case of Jessica Katz was special because she was a baby born with a nutritional deficiency that stopped her from growing.
(CNN) -- A U.N.
The crimes include two incidents in which Muslim men, women and children were forced into homes that were then set on fire -- and some who tried to escape were shot.
The page reboot software means that dissidents can "attack" sites with a barrage of hits -- known as a denial of service attack -- causing them to appear to users as "unobtainable."
(CNN) -- Woody Harrelson defended his clash with a photographer at a New York airport Wednesday night as a case of mistaken identity -- he says he mistook the cameraman for a zombie.
Harrelson, who is being sued by another TMZ photographer for an alleged assault in 2006, did not deny his involvement.
A projected 43.3 million air travelers will fly on U.S. carriers for both domestic and international routes during a 21-day period, according to Airlines for America (A4A), the industry trade organization for the leading U.S. airlines.
That's a 1% drop from the same period last year which translates to about 20,000 fewer travelers on average per day.
On the busiest days, flights will be filled to at least 85% capacity, according to the forecast.
Roland Burris has erected a mausoleum listing his accompishments in Chicago's Oak Woods Cemetery.
There, Burris, whom embattled Illinois Gov.
Some 500 National Guard members have been mobilized to meet the challenge.
"Christmas came early," Gov.
The appeal to overturn the conviction was filed this week and argued during a court hearing on Wednesday, according to Michael Rains, Mehserle's defense attorney.
The abducted boys are all apparently named after their biological father, Nephra Payne, 34.
Gadhafi must have been comforted to hear the president's words, Sen.
The inquiry was launched after Arafat's widow, Suha Arafat, lodged a formal legal complaint for murder.
The exhumation comes after French authorities opened a murder inquiry into his death this year after high levels of a radioactive substance were found on some of his personal belongings.
(CNN) -- "Harry Potter" creator J.K.
In other action Saturday, Birmingham came down to earth with a bump after their cup heroics as they were beaten 3-1 at home by fellow strugglers West Bromwich Albion and slip into the bottom three.
One admitted cyber cannibal told CNN he was part of a group that outed a so-called cat killer, a woman who allegedly posted pictures of herself on the net, torturing the animals.
Film maker Wang Jing has made a documentary about the phenomenon.
His latest project is a comedy special, "Vegas is My Oyster," airing on Showtime now.
If Shore, 43, were to settle down, he says a Sharon Osbourne type is his ideal.
"Detectives are going to speak to the individual," a New York Police spokesman said early Thursday morning.
The J-15's capabilities are comparable to the Russian Su-33 jet and the U.S.
Within two hours the message had been retweeted more than 85,000 times, the CIA had gained more than 105,000 followers, and the jokes were flowing faster than Claire Danes' tears on "Homeland."
The space agency is hoping to get the first pictures back from the Messenger probe in orbit by the end of the month.
The primary science phase of the mission is scheduled to begin April 4.
Army Capt.
It's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of Jonas Salk's vaccine began with school children in April, 1955 that caused polio cases in the United States to drop by almost 90% over the course of two years.
The motive behind the attack on the U.S.
The anti-government opposition bloc has called for mass protests on August 14.
Northern California and southern Oregon have been trying to merge since 1852.
(Entertainment Weekly) -- Sandra Bullock will surely be popping open the champagne as her new romantic comedy, "The Proposal," accepted the top spot at the box office this weekend by grossing $34.1 million, according to early estimates by Hollywood.com Box Office.
The coroner's office is investigating the cause of Jackson's June 25 death.
The release, from Ban, also asked for "justice" following earlier attacks May 19 on a U.N.-escorted convoy and on U.N. troops May 10 in Goli.
Assange fled to the Ecuadorian Embassy in London in June to avoid extradition to Sweden, where he is wanted for questioning over allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
The U.S.
It was blamed for the attack on Mumbai, India, hotels in November 2008 in which nearly 200 people were killed over three days.
Lucy Valena went to Seattle to learn from the best baristas before opening her Boston espresso company.
"It's beautiful where it used to be desolate.
New York (CNN) -- On a beautiful fall day in Yonkers, New York, just north of New York City, Mary J.
Mississippi Gov.
(EW.com) -- TV's original American horror story is taking another step toward returning to primetime: NBC has ordered a pilot of Bryan Fuller's remake of the classic TV show "The Munsters."
The new version of the half-hour sitcom is bring re-imagined by the "Pushing Daises" creator as an hour-long series exploring how the monster house came about, and will have a darker and less campy feel than the black-and-white original.
Two of the men, Neil Strachan and James Rennie, face a maximum of life in prison when they are sentenced July 29, said a spokesman for the High Court in Edinburgh, where the men were convicted.
Nicholson pleaded guilty in 1997 to spying for Russia and is the highest-ranking CIA officer ever to be sentenced for espionage.
January 15 was the biggest firefight Belgian commandos have faced since World War II, captured for the world to see on a home movie shot by one of the town's residents.
(CNN) -- Tamil Tiger rebels acknowledged the death of their leader Sunday, nearly a week after the Sri Lankan government said it had recovered the body of Velupillai Prabhakaran and declared victory in the country's 25-year civil war with the rebels.
An estimated 70,000 to 80,000 people have died during the quarter century of fighting.
In 2003, James Lee, pleaded guilty to smuggling a woman from Tijuana, according to documents from a California federal court.
The measure is mainly symbolic and is not binding on the government.
Sen.
In Sao Paulo, many restaurants now offer dog menus and a Rio de Janeiro entrepreneur recently introduced a beef-flavored "Dog Beer" -- non-alcoholic of course.
The proposed Nabucco pipeline would run from Turkey's eastern border, through Bulgaria, Romania and Hungary, to a key gas terminal in Baumgarten, Austria.
NBA icons Kobe Bryant and LeBron James are third and fourth on the list respectively.
Novotny captures them with his modern, digital Fujifilm X-T1 in a small modest studio.
The Electric Drive Transportation Association (EDTA) on Tuesday is expected to release a set of policy recommendations for ushering in what auto industry executives call a major technological shift away from gas-only cars to electrics.
His partner, Mark Thomas, dug a snow cave for Bennett and hiked down, looking for help.
This simplifies life for Kardashian, 32, as she is close to giving birth to a daughter, fathered by new boyfriend Kanye West.
Kardashian filed for separation in October 2011, beginning the bitter divorce battle
Branded "Arirang" after a Korean folk song, the phones feature a touch screen and a "high pixel" camera.
Col.
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (CNN) -- The Taliban in Afghanistan have momentum that makes any effort to negotiate with them difficult, the U.S. defense secretary said.
"You deserve to know how your tax dollars are being spent," White House spokeswoman Colleen Curtis said in a statement.
If the court accepts the plea, Martinez will be sentenced to 25 years in prison.
ROME, Italy (CNN) -- Melting glaciers in the Alps may prompt Italy and Switzerland to redraw their borders near the Matterhorn, according to parliamentary draft legislation being readied in Rome.
Sharper was freed from jail after posting a $200,000 bond just before midnight Friday, Madera said.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
(CNN) -- Last year's world champion Lewis Hamilton has claimed pole position for Sunday's inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix while his successor as Formula One's top driver, Jenson Button, qualified fifth.
Since he pleaded guilty in June 2009 to assaulting his then-girlfriend on the eve of the 51st Grammy Awards, Brown's career has flourished -- as has Rihanna's.
What you're like: Artistic personalities are creative by nature, with imaginations that stretch further than others can conceive.
(CNN) -- The United States warned the Indian government about a potential maritime attack against Mumbai at least a month before last week's massacre in the country's financial capital left nearly 180 dead, a U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN.
Republicans counter the benefits are an economic drain and a disincentive to looking for work.
Fifty percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday morning say they support the president's plans, with 45 percent opposed.
Mr.
The planned visit plays into efforts to pursue peace in war-torn Afghanistan, where NATO and Afghan troops have been fighting the Taliban for more than a decade.
Editor's note: Rep.
"There are no plans to make donations to the victims of the Chernobyl disaster," UEFA said in a statement given to CNN.
Violence has quickly spread, with reports of mass killings and starvation nationwide.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Poland will withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of October, according to a spokesman for the Polish military Thursday.
There are around 900 Polish troops in the war-torn country, with most in the Qadisiya capital of Diwaniya, some in Baghdad and others in the southern city of Kut.
There are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines, including Air France, worldwide.
Long said that neither side in the national debate is coming up with a solution: "The problem still is there.
Among the ten cases confirmed, six are in children under three years old and four are young adults.
(CNN) -- Adventurer and TV show host Bear Grylls injured his shoulder in Antarctica during an expedition to raise money for an international charity, the Discovery Channel said Sunday.
Namely, that the U.S. population is becoming more Latino and less white.
Finding the Higgs boson would help explain the origin of mass, one of the open questions in physicists' current understanding of the way the universe works.
The World Economic Forum is strictly by invitation only, with 2,600 participants representing over 100 countries.
By 2020, it's estimated more than 200 million Chinese will go overseas -- double the number that did so last year.
Abu Khalid Abdul-Latif, also known as Anthony Davis, pleaded guilty in December to conspiracy to murder U.S. military members and to conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction, namely explosives.
They used to smuggle drugs and weapons, Weiss said, but "now they are being used as butchers."
The announcement leaves 12 pending cases of the 26 Philadelphia priests suspended following a February 2011 grand jury investigation into the archdiocese's handling of child sex abuse allegations.
It advocates a move away from secularism, and a return to the rules of the Quran as a basis for healthy families, communities, and states.
The Brotherhood is the oldest and largest opposition group in Egypt.
Its offshoots outside Egypt are markedly more conservative in their views: The Kuwaiti branch is said to oppose the right of women to vote.
The Alzheimer's Association has a 24/7 help line for caregivers with questions.
The magistrate granted the prosecution's request to postpone the case until August 19 to allow for more time for the investigation.
Mandela, 94, has not appeared in public since the 2010 World Cup hosted by South Africa.
Security forces on Friday searched the home of Andal Ampatuan Jr., mayor of Datu Unsay and son of the provincial governor of Maguindanao, according to Brawner.
Authorities say Andal Ampatuan Jr.
Telstra is one of Australia's top 10 listed companies, and is a Fortune 500 company.
Scores of pilgrims -- who make the journey on foot -- have been killed and wounded in recent days in attacks that have been blamed on Sunni extremists, who have routinely targeted the pilgrims.
Growing numbers are getting their kicks out of pre-work rave parties as the way to shed calories and gain a natural high.
(CNN) -- Jurors in the DWI trial of Kerry Kennedy, daughter of the late Sen.
In November, Rebtel surveyed 1,340 immigrants residing in the U.S. about their technology habits.
Immigrants from Ghana (62%) and India (58%) were most likely to buy a tablet, while only 34% of French Americans and 31% of Ethiopian-Americans indicated this intention.
He is accused of hundreds of incidents of sexual abuse of his daughter, his stepdaughter and his stepson between autumn 1987 and summer 2010.
Ten people die every day from unintentional drowning in the United States, making it the fifth-leading cause of unintentional injury death, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
According to the Los Angeles Times, the red-hot Chinese box office is up another 22 percent this year and is on pace to eclipse the U.S. market by 2018.
Although appointed by the Government, Tantawi was regarded as the spiritual leader of about one billion Sunni Muslims worldwide.
The roads around Chiang Mai are some of the most scenic in the country.
He was opposed to the wars the UK government and its U.S. allies were waging, including the latest attempt to start another war on Syria last summer.
The administration's new pollution standards -- new Environmental Protection Agency regulations that place tough limits on emissions from coal-fired power plants -- are an answered prayer for working families.
Hours earlier, a U.S.
Muslims around the world were angered when it came to light last week that an American staff sergeant -- a sniper section leader -- had used a Quran for target practice in Iraq.
After the launch, SpaceX will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform, or what it calls an autonomous spaceport drone ship, in the Atlantic Ocean off Florida.
Only two patients had been known to survive in the last half-century.
The girl's aunt received a call after her disappearance from someone who threatened to kill Candela if her father did not return some money he owed, the agency reported.
The men were convicted on conspiracy charges related to at least three large trans-Atlantic shipments of cocaine that were to transit through Liberia, according to a statement from the U.S. attorney's office in New York.
(CNN) -- An alleged gang member who was on the FBI's Top 10 List of most wanted fugitives and sought in connection with a 2000 attack on two Los Angeles, California, officers was captured in Mexico, authorities said Monday.
The FBI said that although Preciado's identifying tattoos had been surgically removed, Mexican police and FBI agents confirmed his identity through fingerprints at the time of his arrest.
Dr.
Korovin is well known for helping an impressive list of celebrities with voice trouble.
Hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933.
Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express at the time when Hitler wrote the letter.
After a firestorm of backlash and protests, Gov.
President Obama relieved Gen.
Still, it was much less bloody than a battle in Benghazi last week led by retired Gen.
The death of Ma Ailun, 23, was first reported Sunday by China's Xinhua News Agency.
Meanwhile, CNN's weather team found no signs of stormy weather in the area at the time Marine One departed the White House.
Japan has the developed world's highest debt to gross-domestic-product ratio, nearing 200%.
London (CNN) -- Police in England arrested a man Saturday on suspicion of making a racially abusive gesture at a high-profile soccer match between Liverpool and Manchester United earlier that day, they said Sunday.
"I'd rather work than just be sitting here waiting on a check," he said.
At least two other similar barges, including one in the Portland, Maine, harbor, also have been spotted since the "mystery barge" -- docked at a pier on Treasure Island, just east of San Francisco -- first made headlines earlier this week.
But now the comet-chasing mother ship Rosetta -- in orbit around 67P -- is to begin listening for signs that the lander has survived the cold and dark.
"Sadly, our right-wing extremists took a huge offense to it," park spokeswoman Liz Edwards said.
Rancic: If you haven't been through a miscarriage, just listen.
More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled their homes, around 2 million to neighboring states, mostly Syria and Jordan, and another 2.2 million displaced inside Iraq.
Thousands of people have been killed and more than 1.3 million displaced since clashes erupted in December between forces loyal to the two rivals.
Washington (CNN) -- The Rev.
As the nation celebrates the 50th anniversary of the 1963 March on Washington and the anniversary of King's "I Have a Dream" speech -- arguably one of the most important speeches of the 20th century -- few are also remembering that the historic civil rights leader was once under heavy surveillance by J.
London, England (CNN) -- Conservative Party leader David Cameron was appointed as British prime minister on Tuesday following the resignation of Gordon Brown, whose Labour Party was defeated in Thursday's general election.
An estimated 9 million people travel to Istanbul each year.
Embraer has been working diligently to line up solid orders to announce at the show.
Nieland was an investigator with the DHS inspector general, who claimed that political interference appeared to cause the inspector general to hold back findings in an investigation of Secret Service agents involved with prostitutes in Cartagena, Colombia.
They call it the most honorable mission in the military.
Mahony is in Rome as part of the cardinals' conclave voting for a new pope.
Sarah Shourd and Shane Bauer married Saturday near the ocean, surrounded by some 200 family and friends, Ben Rosenfeld, a San Francisco attorney, said in a statement.
Shourd was released in 2010, and Bauer and Fattal were freed last year after 781 days in captivity and a trial for espionage that Bauer said was based on "ridiculous lies."
Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple, which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side.
The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962, but the 1.8 square mile (4.6 sq. km) area around it was never fully demarcated.
Bloggers have been gossiping about the details of the fifth-generation iPhone literally since the iPhone 4 was unveiled in June 2010.
This was the first center-stage presentation for Tim Cook, who replaced Apple co-founder Steve Jobs as CEO on August 24 amid reports of Jobs' ailing health.
Many people expected Apple to announce a completely redesigned iPhone 5. iPhone 4S sounds much more like a facelift of a current product -- which is fair because that's what it is.
At least 2,000 official cases have been filed with Spanish prosecutors, but some believe there could be tens of thousands more, dating as far back as the 1950s and continuing as recently as the 1990s.
At the Margaret Aylward Center for the Poor in the Hispanic-heavy L.A.
(CNN) -- W.
At the same time, MSCI announced that a developed nation is being downgraded for the first time.
The West Coast/Alaska Tsunami Warning Center said no tsunami was expected along the Pacific Coast in the U.S. or Canada.
Fiore won a Pulitzer Monday for animations he made for the SFGate, the online home of the San Francisco Chronicle.
Experts agree that one instance where you should always go to your boss is when there is a potential problem.
(CNN)Iran blasted its mock-up of a U.S. aircraft carrier during naval drills on Wednesday, swarming the target with 100 speedboats armed with rockets, shoulder-launched missiles and mortars as well as striking it with cruise missiles, according to reports from Iran's semi-official Fars News Agency.
Current Arkansas prison policy allows only a "neatly trimmed mustache."
Phelps already is collecting about $5 million a year in endorsement checks from companies like Visa -- payments that came after he won six gold medals during the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, Greece.
The album includes a seven-minute track, "Art of Almost," which starts with shadowy electronics, gently turns into a haunted vocal section, then sprints into a Krautrock-style blowout.
From its base in Muslim-dominated northern Nigeria, Boko Haram has waged a violent campaign of bombings of Christian churches in Nigeria that have killed hundreds and wounded many more.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Asia is set to have the world's wealthiest residents, with city-state Singapore heading the rich list.
The A350 XWB is the first in a family of super-efficient passenger planes Airbus designed to go head-to-head with rival Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and 777s.
In an interview with the BBC's Today programme on Friday morning, Justin Welby said that the amount of Church money indirectly invested in Wonga was about £75,000 out of investments totalling £5.2bn.
The Archbishop of Canterbury said he was "embarrassed" and "irritated" that the Church Commissioners had indirectly invested in Wonga, the payday lending firm that he has vowed to "compete out" of business by encouraging credit unions to be set up in churches across the country.
Lambeth Palace said an independent inquiry would be launched into how "this serious inconsistency" occurred.
Sensitivity surrounding marine life in the area is particularly high after the BP oil disaster that sent millions of barrels of crude into the Gulf of Mexico nearly a year ago.
Anthony Field, Murray Cook and Greg Page met at Macquarie University in Sydney, Australia, where they were studying early childhood education and writing children's songs.
In Australia, their annual end of year national tour sells over 120,000 tickets, while their U.S.
(CNN) -- English Premier League leaders Chelsea smashed seven goals past hapless Sunderland on Saturday, while second-placed Manchester United kept up the pressure with a 3-0 victory at home to Burnley.
He is accused of running over two men and killing one following an argument.
Irbil, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraqi President Fuad Masum nominated a new Prime Minister on Monday, further complicating the country's intense power struggle amid a dire humanitarian crisis and a militant threat strong enough to draw U.S. air power back to the fray.
It will be dissolved after a new lower house is elected, state-run Ahram reported.
The court dissolved the lower house of parliament last year, paving the way for the council to take over legislative powers pending a new parliament.
"There are ... no grievances that our laws and courts cannot address," he said.
Although Maerklin generated a turnover of around $165 million in 2008, it struggled to obtain a credit extension beyond January 31, it said.
As is typical of splintering militant groups and of those facing increased external pressure, the frequency, scale, and scope, of TTP violence has increased as the new leadership seeks to assert its authority and demonstrate strength to external audiences.
With its latest software update for Apple TV, Apple is now offering easy streaming of MLB and NBA games directly through its $100 media-streaming unit.
There are two subscription models for MLB.TV, $100 a year for standard and $120 for the premium offering (which boasts home and away broadcasts, in-game DVR capability, and different camera options).
World No.
In February, we want to know who you think is the greatest classical composer of all time.
Army Gen.
The songwriter and singer launched her performance and recording career in 2006.
Randy Newman, Heart, Albert King, Donna Summer and Public Enemy also joined the exclusive club on Thursday.
Spaniards spent 8% less on lottery tickets this year than last, with the average Spaniard laying out only $68 for lottery ticket shares, down from $73 last year, the lottery administration said.
Rep.
The presidential election is the first since government forces put down a 26-year insurgency by Tamil Tiger rebels.
The CDC had hoped that about 40 million doses of H1N1, or swine flu, vaccine would be available by the end of October.
But due to manufacturing delays, "we think at most it will be 10 to 12 million doses less," said Dr.
COLUMBIA, South Carolina (CNN) -- The United States faces a Zimbabwe-style economic collapse if it keeps "spending a bunch of money we don't have," South Carolina Gov.
Congo has taken some measures to try to curb the sexual violence.
"Newsies The Musical" opened on Broadway last March to sell-outs and acclaim.
World No.
U.S. national team coach Jurgen Klinsmann is taking a relaxed view on in-competition coitus during the 2014 World Cup.
The U.N.
New York Gov.
CNN could not independently confirm the activists' claim because the government severely restricts access by international journalists.
Zimbabwe's agro-based economy has been on a free-fall for more than a decade now.
Ingredients of the baby powder may have come into contact with airborne radioactive cesium when they were being dried at a factory in Kasukabe, about 40 kilometers (25 miles) north of Tokyo, between March 14 and 20, the company said.
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating with the help of Miami-Dade police, Detective Roy Rutland said.
U.S.
(CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo was sent off after inspiring Real Madrid to an incident-packed 4-2 victory at home to Almeria on Saturday night, in which he created a goal, scored one and also missed a penalty.
Alonso claimed the race had been "manipulated" after his title rival Lewis Hamilton, of McLaren, overtook the safety car but still managed to finish second despite being hit with a 20-second drive-through penalty.
Same-sex marriage is legal in 17 U.S states and the District of Columbia: California, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington.
In 2007, Michigan State Police ran Operation Can Scam -- no points for creative naming there -- which led to the arraignment of 10 grocers and conspirators.
The books, written by Jane O'Connor and illustrated by Robin Preiss Glasser, were optioned this week by 20th Century Fox for 21 Laps Entertainment, Levy's production company, and Fey is currently negotiating to join him as co-producer on the live-action feature.
Each is accused of removing items from Tsarnaev's dorm room after the April 15 attack, which killed three people and wounded more than 260.
Nearly 1 in 5 men in the U.S. has difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection, a condition known as erectile dysfunction (ED).
The former world No.
World No.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
(CNN) -- Testing continues for patients who may have been exposed to HIV and hepatitis from their visit to Dr.
The fight over extending a payroll tax cut and long-term unemployment benefits picks back up Tuesday as Congress returns to work after its winter break.
(CNN) -- Allen H.
My staff and I have never been more passionate about the work that we are doing at the "Dr.
The show airs on 13 CBS-owned stations, including in the top 5 markets like New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago.
"I'm excited to continue my dynamic partnership with Leslie Moonves and my CBS family," Dr.
UNIFIL has been in southern Lebanon since a 1978 conflict with Israel.
"I did not kill Michael Jackson," Murray told the Mail.
The parties agreed to set up a transition process leading to a presidential election, Sanogo said.
"Even though we wear hearing aids, we can still accomplish our goals & dreams," he wrote.
I'm surprised he didn't try to ask for dry ice," Scott said Thursday to CNN affiliate WPBF.
The Spaniards celebrate their version of April Fools' on December 28, so you have plenty of time to plan.
Reports of his studies had attracted worldwide attention and enthusiasm from researchers and patients excited about their potential for treating diseases such as cancer, diabetes and Alzheimer's disease.
World No.
World No.
"You can go from rags to riches there.
prisons "remains real and present," said Rep.
Arranged marriages are still the norm in India and parents play an active role in choosing a life partner for their children.
White men have the highest rates of HPV-related throat cancer, fueling a recent rise in HPV-related oral cancers overall while tumors associated with tobacco have been declining.
Democratic senators will hold short "pro forma" sessions over the holiday break to prevent recess appointments.
"We can bring our products to you instead of waiting for you to come to us," said Franklin in an interview in her truck last week, a former Snap-On-Tools truck from Indiana she found on Craigslist.
Do you know a hero?
But in an effort to open up the flow, the U.S. military said Wednesday that it has obtained landing rights at the Dominican Republic's air base at San Isidro, near the capital of Santo Domingo, about 220 km (150 miles) east of Port-au-Prince.
Checque, 28, of Monroeville, Pennsylvania, died Saturday during the effort to free Dr.
The train was on its way from the Croatian capital, Zagreb, when it derailed about 20 kilometers (12 miles) from it's destination of Split about noon, said Marina Kraljevic-Gudelj, a spokeswoman for police in Split.
Twenty years later, domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists and radical separatist groups, according to the FBI.
A large part of the pilot program would also involve continuing its work in training local mechanics to maintain the water supply, which Charity: water says will spur job creation.
Harrison said the charity is planning to test different technologies for each country depending on the type of well installed there.
Fox has cancelled prehistoric dino drama "Terra Nova" after one season, ending months of will-they-or-won't-they speculation.
From what we hear, Fox higher-ups weren't too fond of the show.
Marine Cpl.
The sister of a U.S. citizen sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean labor camp defended her brother Thursday, asking leaders of both nations to "please, just see him as one man."
Throughout her career, James overcame a heroin addiction, opened for the Rolling Stones, won six Grammys and was voted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Joined by fellow organic pioneers like J.I.
"All platforms are now moving towards episodic content -- we're seeing it on the PlayStation Network, Xbox Live, WiiWare and even the iPhone and iPad," says Cesar Bittar, producer/designer on "The Silver Lining."
The death toll has risen to 279, with another 1,300 injured, Turkey's semi-official Anatolian news agency reported, citing the country's disaster management authority.
More rain is forecast in the region.
Rebels in Chechnya started out fighting for independence in the 1990s, but in recent years, the fight has been aimed more at imposing Islamist rule and asserting their authority in the area.
The story is relatively simple and takes plot elements from "Singing in the Rain," "Citizen Kane" and "A Star is Born" as well as the best of Hollywood melodrama.
The film is peppered with sight gags in the best of classic Hollywood tradition, and both Dujardin and Bejo prove more than up for the task.
Laude's naked body was found with her head in a toilet in an Olongapo hotel room shortly after midnight on October 12, police said.
Fox Television Studios quickly sent out a statement saying the studio plans to shop the drama series to other networks: "Fox Television Studios is extremely proud of 'The Killing,' the extraordinary writing staff and crew, and what we believe is one of the best casts on television.
"I believe I was silent for several minutes.
Gov.
Kathleen Savio was found dead in a bathtub in 2004.
He has been seen in several videos released by the Taliban.
HBO's new series "The Newsroom" will take viewers behind the scenes of a fictional cable news network when it premieres on June 24.
"True Blood" has been a summer staple since season 2 kicked off in June 2009 on HBO.
(CNN) -- Following this week's revelation that J.K.
No "frenemy" relationship is more important -- or complex -- than that between the United States and China, the world's reigning and emerging superpowers with huge bilateral trade as well as conflicting strategic goals.
The couple was kidnapped on June 15 as they were leaving their home in Hadda zone, one of the most secure locations of the Yemeni capital of Sanaa.
The official tally of student deaths and injuries was released a few days after an Amnesty International report accused the government of China of intimidating and unlawfully detaining relatives of children who had died in the earthquake.
The GAVI Alliance Partners' Forum (5-7 December) will focus on how to achieve equity in children's access to life-saving vaccines.
Asian population booming throughout U.S.
December marks the 60th anniversary of the U.N.'s Genocide Convention, when -- in the aftermath of the Holocaust -- the nations of the world pledged to prevent and punish future attempts to eliminate ethnic, religious and national groups.
In light of the swine flu, the U.S.
The smash ''We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together'' is such a sublime explosion of Euro-pop glee, robots will still pillow-fight to it in 2035.
''22'' also shows how savvy Swift is about uniting guy haters of all ages.
"They're painting their lives.
The U.S.
Washington (CNN) -- A top Colorado Democratic donor has had enough of Sen.
Esmin Green was involuntarily admitted to the psychiatric emergency department of Kings County Hospital Center on June 18 for what the hospital describes as "agitation and psychosis."
United Airlines debuted a 757 Thursday newly painted from nose to tail with the logo for the show's farewell season.
The U.N. special representative for DR Congo, Roger Meece, briefed the U.N.
"I never wanted to do anything to harm him or cause detriment to his life or to the lives of those around him," Washington-Williams said at a 2003 news conference, six months after her father died at the age of 100.
During the eight years Mr.
FotoFlexer -- FotoFlexer bills itself as "the world's most advanced online image editor."
Cameroid -- Cameroid lets you "take crazy (or not) snaps with your webcam straight from your browser."
The U.S. had drawn one and lost 23 of 24 previous matches in Mexico, but Michael Orozco Fiscal's late goal in Wednesday's friendly international was enough for a landmark success over the newly-crowned Olympic champions.
(CNN) -- The share price of Samsung Electronics dropped nearly 7.5% in trading Monday as investors had their first opportunity to react to the more than $1 billion decision against the Korean electronics giant by a California jury for infringing on Apple patents.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal became the second man to win four successive French Open titles on Sunday after crushing world No.
High on the list is John Kerry, U.S.
Jackson's lawyers have not responded to the suit, which was filed on January 21.
The 30-year-old man and 27-year-old woman were reported missing when the Carnival Cruise ship Spirit docked in Sydney on Thursday morning, CNN affiliate Seven Network reported.
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama, arriving with more than 100 government officials, diplomats, small business people and artists.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- U.S.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says the U.S. mustn't "turn our backs on countries in our own hemisphere."
Washington (CNN)Former New York Gov.
A U.S.
Brown, a black teen, was fatally shot by Darren Wilson, a white police officer, on August 9.
Officer Manuel Ramos is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter, and Cpl.
The smoke from the Mt.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal remains on course for a record seventh French Open title after he dismissed the challenge of fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro to notch up his 50th Roland Garros victory.
About 8,000 Muslim men and boys were killed in Srebrenica in 1995.
The remains are those of Joseph W.
The limited range of ideas showed the power of the pro-gun lobby in Washington, with Democratic Sen.
In the closing days of the race, Weiner seems to be living in a sweet spot between shamelessness and fortitude, soldiering on in the face of mockery and barely any hope of winning.
(CNN)With a little bit of help from Donald Trump, Rory McIlroy was re-united with the golf club he famously threw into the lake at Doral -- but probably wished the golf-loving tycoon had not bothered.
Friso, a son of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands, had been airlifted to hospital in Innsbruck after the incident.
Lech am Arlberg is in Austria's Vorarlberg state, a popular skiing area in western Austria.
All told, "The Dark Knight Rises" has grossed $732 million worldwide, which rockets it into the number two spot at the worldwide box office this year behind "The Avengers," which has grossed over $1.4 billion.
Having a single surgical procedure did not appear to increase risk.
The longer a child was unconscious, the greater the ADHD risk, which suggests that even several short exposures to anesthesia could heighten risk, says senior study author David O.
"Bully," a look at the rise of adolescent bullying in America, was rated R for "some language" -- specifically for the f-word, which is used a reported six times in the film.
Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraqi President Jalal Talabani officially named Nuri al-Maliki to a second term as prime minister in a televised ceremony Thursday.
Al-Maliki has 30 days to work with rival factions and form a government or face the prospect of losing the president's nomination.
McCain faces a primary challenge from former Rep.
"She wasn't involved, she didn't have anything to do with this!" said Jose Molinar in a recent interview with CNN.
Let's say they find it.
An estimated 1.2 billion cell phones were sold in 2008, at least half of which were replacement handsets.
About 4% to 6% of U.S.
Thomas Kean Jr. and Joe Kyrillos, a Christie ally who lost to Democrat Bob Menendez in the Senate race last year; Lt Gov.
"To say it's inappropriate and stupid is an extreme understatement," Cebull said according to the Billings newspaper.
Texas Gov.
FLINT, Michigan (CNN) -- Sen.
FLINT, Michigan (CNN) -- Sen.
"Just Kids" recounts Smith's relationship with the late photographer Robert Mapplethorpe in the late Sixties and early Seventies, and includes retellings of her encounters with Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, William Burroughs, the Andy Warhol crowd and other luminaries of the era.
National Book Award winners get a check for $10,000 and a bronze statue, but more importantly, prestige (and a sales boost).
(CNN) -- Nick Heidfeld has joined Mercedes as back-up for Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg to complete the new team's line-up for the 2010 Formula One season.
China and Taiwan -- officially the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China -- separated in 1949 following a civil war.
(CNN) -- President Obama delivered his State of the Union address and said -- again -- that this is the year he intends to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay.
Egypt is experiencing a crayfish invasion along the Nile River.
According to a recent CNN/ORC International Poll, 54% of Americans support legalizing marriages between gay and lesbian couples, with 42% opposed.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will bypass Europe and travel to Asia on her maiden voyage overseas, diplomats familiar with the planning said Tuesday.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Bucking tradition, U.S.
Making Asia Clinton's first overseas destination illustrates the Obama administration's desire for a broader partnership with China and its commitment to resolving the North Korean nuclear issue, as well as strengthening ties with Tokyo and Seoul, the diplomats said.
The third season concluded in April 2012 and was thought to be its last, though HBO convinced star Danny McBride and executive producers Jody Hill, Will Ferrell, Chris Henchy and Adam McKay to create more episodes of the cult hit.
Alexander Bradley and John Alcorn Jr. were ordered to answer the questions of a grand jury investigating the fatal drive-by shooting of Daniel Abreu, 29, and Safiro Furtado, 28, outside a Boston nightclub in July 2012.
Another system is forecast to bring snow to the region this weekend, but it's not expected to produce as many problems, CNN meteorologists said.
Army Staff Sgt.
Kenya claimed middle-distance victories as David Rudisha and Silas Kiplagat won the 800m and 1,500m respectively, while Britain's Mohammed Farah edged out U.S.
Other officials have also been targeted for opposing the blasphemy law, which makes it a crime punishable by death to insult Islam, the Quran or the Prophet Mohammed.
"It has strengthened the bond between the community and the police," he says.
"I've never met the person that created the Facebook page.
Mississippi Gov.
Investigators have charged Terry J.
Born into a Thembu royal family -- but the wrong branch to be considered in line for the throne -- Mandela was the first of his family to attend school, where a teacher gave him the name "Nelson."
Of the highway town trio, Alpine is the busy one, where outliers visit for dry cleaning, a pharmacy, an Amtrak pickup station or the largest grocery.
Lucky strike: The port city of Cape Town is set to benefit from several major sporting events
The app that my kids seem to prefer is the "Jack and the Beanstalk" interactive book.
In terms of car-ride iPad savers, I'd have to suggest the instant classic "Paper Toss," "Little Things" or "LunchBox."
League-leaders Borussia Dortmund were held to a 1-1 draw away to Kaiserslautern after having defender Neven Subotic sent off.
Diab and Thaer are among the estimated 1,600 to 2,000 Palestinians detained in Israeli prisons staging a mass hunger strike to protest prison conditions and the practice of administrative detention, a controversial Israeli military practice that allows authorities to detain people indefinitely.
U.K.
Without more cost cutting, the city won't be able to pay its bills come June.
Obama, who presented Army Spc.
Continuing to drive on underinflated tires can cause them to burst, possibly leading to crashes.
Dolla, whose real name is Roderick Anthony Burton II, was shot in the head about 3:10 p.m. at the Beverly Center, his publicist said.
(CNN) -- A tropical depression that is likely to become a tropical storm by Sunday has areas of the islands of the Bahamas on guard.
The United States currently buys 15 percent of BrazilÂ¹s orange juice exports.
Federal officials in Washington said Schlesselman threatened to kill then-Sen.
Where is home for you and where do you want to return to visit or stay?
(CNN) -- MotoGP is in mourning following the tragic death of Japan's teenage rider Shoya Tomizawa after an accident in the San Marino Moto2 Grand Prix on Sunday.
Tomizawa's death was the first in the sport since 24-year-old compatriot Daijiro Kato died in April 2003 at the Japanese MotoGP in Suzuka.
Some 450 firefighters are working the blaze, which is located in Riverside County.
Nicholas T.
(CNN) -- J.K.
"It's time for other countries speak up and tell Saudi Arabia to end its repression campaign."
Favored haunt of James Bond, gamblers, luxury yacht owners and Grace Kelly fans, Monaco looks increasingly set to also become the preferred destination of any self-respecting world class footballer.
Under the principality's laws, foreigners do not pay tax on their wages and that has put Monaco at odds with the French Football Federation (FFF) and the French League (LFP) after the latter organization ruled that the club must move their head office to France by the start of June next year.
Under the principality's laws, foreigners do not pay tax on their wages and that has put Monaco at odds with the French Football Federation (FFF) and the French League (LFP) after the latter organization ruled that the club must move their head office to France by the start of June next year.
(CNN) -- The United Nations humanitarian chief urged Sudan to allow aid workers into a Darfur refugee camp that has been closed for nearly two weeks, limiting access to 80,000 displaced people.
The Gulf of Aden, off northern Somalia, has the highest risk of piracy in the world.
The wife of imprisoned U.S.
U.S.
Retired Col.
The number of people killed in unrest in Syria since mid-March has reached at least 2,600, the U.N.
Sgt.
The incident, first reported by TMZ, happened as Brown was on his way from Los Angeles to New York to attend Monday night's Met Gala event.
Brown resumed his trip without incident on another jet later, but missed the event, TMZ reported.
Lt.
Suspect James E.
She is in the custody of U.S.
(CNN) -- Federal officials are investigating a "potential conflict" between two planes at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, which happened shortly after Vice President Joe Biden's plane landed.
The arrests Tuesday were a follow-up to raids last August in southern Spain when police broke up a suspected three-man terrorist cell that planned attacks in Spain and elsewhere in Europe, the ministry statement said.
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced plans to generate power from skyscraper-mounted turbines and offshore wind farms as part of an ambitious alternative-energy program.
(EW.com) -- Robin Roberts has returned to the set of "Good Morning America" -- but isn't making her TV return just yet.
She arrived at the Times Square studio at 5 a.m., ABC reports, for her first in a series of dry runs before returning to her anchor role.
Authorities are investigating the suicide of condemned inmate James Lee Crummel and declined to provide the circumstances of the hanging, which happened Sunday afternoon in the rear of his single-occupant cell, said Lt.
Sudan's Muslim north has been in conflict with the majority Christian south for decades.
Kilpatrick was accused of blocking a criminal investigation into his office and firing a police deputy to cover up an affair with his then-chief of staff, Christine Beatty.
Lohan's representative told CNN the actress was "happy to cooperate," and that "No one has contacted Lindsay" about the investigation.
The Marine Corps said it is holding Staff Sgt.
Brown, daughter of late singing star Whitney Houston, will now be ventilated through a hole in her throat.
This is the first time in SoundScan's 21-year history that the same record has been the top seller in the first halves of any two years.
As for Gotye's ubiquitous "Somebody That I Used to Know," that track has a digital sales figure of 5.50 million for the year to date, according to SoundScan.
Prosecutors allege that Berlusconi paid for sex with Karima El Mahrough, a nightclub dancer nicknamed Ruby who at the time was 17-years-old.
Berlusconi has said the dancer had been introduced as a 24-year-old.
Thomas in the U.S.
Emma Coleman Jordan is a professor of law at Georgetown University Law Center.
That's the way much of Ferguson feels as it waits for the St.
It's a technically simple change that Mozilla (the maker of Firefox) and Microsoft (the maker of IE) have already included in their newest browsers.
Instead of "Do Not Track," Google says it offers a plug-in for Chrome called "Keep My Opt-Outs," which prevents users from deleting opt-out cookies from advertising networks when they delete their cookies.
The use of U.S.
Olson, disclosed that SOF carried out "somewhere between 3,000 and 4,000 operations" in 2010 alone.
Of the 33,000 U.S. troops due to be withdrawn from Afghanistan by the end of 2012, none will be special forces.
- On "Apartment 23," Van Der Beek is in on the joke, poking fun at himself in the most charming way.
The 16GB version is also sold out at GameStop, Kmart, Sam's Club, Office Depot, Staples, B&H, Best Buy in Canada and, according to The Guardian, Tesco in the UK.
Rep.
The U.N.
It's now nearly impossible -- and perhaps unethical -- to promise secrecy or anonymity in adoptions, the report suggests.
(CNN) -- To hear Spc.
Palestinians want East Jerusalem to be part of their future state in any final status negotiations.
Shortly after 12:10 a.m.
It lists 10 plaintiffs and accuses JetBlue of being grossly negligent for allowing Capt.
"I strongly oppose arming rebels because in that complex tribal patchwork that makes up this insurgency, it is very uncoordinated," Republican Rep.
Virgin Galactic has envisioned one flight a week, with six tourists aboard.
Each will pay $200,000 for the ride and train for at least three days before going.
"Pad" launched in August of 2010 as an elimination-style game show that featured contestants from "The Bachelor" and "The Bachelorette," who competed for a final cash prize.
J.K.
Ironically, Hoevels' character was supposed to commit suicide in the stage production of Friedrich Schiller's Mary Stuart, about Mary Queen of Scots.
World No.
That tweets caused a backlash on the social networking site, with readers accusing her of "begging for viewers" and being "desperate."
While perfecting their travel techniques, [tips below] all this globetrotting has opened their minds, widened their experience and bonded them as a family.
Disney's first Latina princess, featured in the movie "Sofia the First: Once Upon A Princess," has received backlash as well as support from media outlets, especially the Latino community.
Some Latinos applauded Disney's new milestone and welcomed her with open arms on Twitter stating, "#Disney comes out with its first "#Latina Princess."
The FAA says it is investigating the incident.
(CNN) -- Barack Obama and his wife released their tax returns from 2000 to 2006 on his campaign Web site Tuesday, and the Illinois senator challenged Sen.
(CNN) -- World number one Novak Djokovic is into the quarterfinals of the Western and Southern Open after beating the Czech Republic's Radek Stepanek 6-3 6-3 in Cincinnati.
At the moment, Saab is reorganizing to become a separate, independent business entity.
The Droid Charge was originally slated for release the same weekend as the outage.
No numbers were provided for July, but such attacks have continued this month.
The Rev.
The reaction from social media has been strong, reflecting the unique pull Thomas commands, despite his low-key, press-adverse persona.
Without a transplant, they said, he could die in six months.
A report by the Justice Department Inspector General released Tuesday cites the wide-ranging costs and dangers of ID theft.
The challenge for Bachmann's staff if they hope to win more than just Iowa is to broaden her appeal beyond just the conservative activists who seem to have gravitated to her early.
Driving a Toyota Prius is a statement to your friends and neighbors that you're green; driving a Honda Civic Hybrid is living green, pure and simple.
Get small bills or coins from your hotel's front desk to make tipping easier.
(CNN) -- Mississippi voters Tuesday rejected a controversial amendment that would have defined life as beginning at conception while Ohio voters repealed a law that limited the collective bargaining rights of public workers, CNN projects.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II's filly Estimate came tantalizing close to defending her Gold Cup title at Ascot only to be edged out by a neck by a fast-finishing Leading Light in one of the most thrilling finishes in Gold Cup history.
At just 19 years old, she is one of the most successful recording artists of the decade in the United States.
She is Shetisha Sheeley, 28, of Cleveland -- one of three people found dead within a few blocks from each other.
A downtown N train ran over him, severing his right leg.
Since 2000, 74 journalists have been killed in Mexico -- 14 since 2010.
Jordan will hold a fair trial for Qatada for alleged terrorist attacks in 1999 and 2000, government spokesman Mohammed Al-momani told the official Petra News Agency.
Britain has been trying to deport Abu Qatada since 2005, but his legal appeals have kept him in the country.
Nearly three dozen aircraft and 40 ships from 10 countries have so far failed to find any sign of the aircraft, which took off from Kuala Lumpur shortly before 1 a.m.
Thus, let it be known that I hereby declare October 12, 2012, as the day "Gangnam Style" died.
Just because no one in your department comments on your use of foul language, doesn't mean it's going unnoticed.
Watch Venus Williams on Revealed this week at the times below:
The couple's supporters had billed this as "David vs.
The 10,197-foot peak is located in southern Alaska, about 100 miles southwest of Anchorage, the state's most populous city.
Uighurs are predominantly Muslim ethnic Turks who are linguistically, culturally and religiously distinct from China's majority Han population.
At the same time, it has blamed the U.S. government for being behind the making of the Seth Rogen-James Franco film.
Have a third-party mechanic (not one working for the dealer) look the used car over as a condition of sale.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Defense and diplomacy were on full display when the United Nations secretary-general took to the soccer field in the first U.N.
The Marionettentheater in Salzburg now offers a puppet version of the musical.
Suu Kyi was released from house arrest on November 13, after spending most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in prison.
Republican Sen.
Rep.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- A new sleeper virus that could allow hackers to steal financial and personal information has now spread to more than eight million computers in what industry analysts say is one of the most serious infections they have ever seen.
In April, 2005, Eric Robert Rudolph pleaded guilty to the bombing.
Two months later, U.S. officials speaking on condition of anonymity told the New York Times that around 50 civilians had been killed in drone strikes in Pakistan since the 9/11 attacks.
(CNN) -- Alabama lawmakers are calling on U.S.
Rep.
A second explosion was reported near the tourist area of Nyali Beach, also in Mombasa, the ministry said.
An improvised explosive device was discovered at the Reef Hotel gate when a bag was noticed and people took cover, the ministry said.
The bulk carrier De Xin Hai was hijacked Monday about 550 nautical miles northeast of the Seychelles and 700 nautical miles off Somalia's eastern coast.
An EU force aircraft is monitoring the ship and reported seeing four pirates on deck.
"To hear I got the record, that's unreal," Rupp told reporters shortly after the race.
Fewer than half of the parts on some Big Three vehicles are made in the U.S.
Ketchikan Mayor Bob Weinstein calls the road, which was paid for by federal tax dollars, a waste of money that could have been used to fix his city's roads and sidewalks.
(CNN) -- Big parts are coming off a former U.S.
Rep.
"I want to categorically deny any United States involvement in any kind of act of violence inside Iran," U.S.
"We cannot lose hope.
"I'm fighting for my life, and I thought people at the power company would help me," said Randon, who uses a wheelchair.
St.
A man who is calm, cool, collected, comfortable and confident will trump an Abercrombie model every time.
By late Sunday, Russian forces had "complete operational control of the Crimean Peninsula," a senior U.S. administration official said.
Terriers have won the most Best in Show awards -- 46 as of 2015.
Parts of Interstate highways 77, 485 and 85 were flooded and temporarily shut down during the storm, she said.
The movie's plot construction is rickety; the opening is needlessly confusing, and the heavies' political machinations didn't make much sense that I could see.
It's still only in early talks, but Smith tells EW that he's already broached the subject with several members of the cast, including the hard-to-wrangle Jeff Anderson, who played irreverent slacker, Randal.
Dieudonne M'bala M'bala has been widely associated with the gesture -- which involves pointing the right arm straight down and touching that arm with the left hand -- that many believe is a Nazi salute in reverse.
Kelly Bishop played a version of the difficult, drinking grandmother for seven seasons as Emily Gilmore on "Gilmore Girls," and Holland Taylor has taken her vodka neat as Evelyn Harper on "Two and a Half Men" and as Peggy Peabody on "The L Word."
The Calais basin is one of three mining sites that made the list this year.
The bill by Africa's most populous nation calls for a 14-year sentence for anyone convicted of homosexuality.
Anyone who aids or "abets" same-sex unions faces 10 years in prison, a provision that could target rights groups.
Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries based on remnants of sodomy laws introduced during the British colonial era and perpetuated by cultural beliefs.
(CNN) -- Ferrari driver Felipe Massa will be in Brazil for his home Formula One grand prix on October 18 -- as a special guest to wave the chequered flag.
The bribes allegedly amounted to $180 million between 1994 and 2004.
The Obama administration had asked the high court not to take the case, and White House officials had said they would not object to homosexuals being kicked out of the armed services.
The two-hour documentary tells the story of Cheney's life through his own comments, supplemented by a narrator and interviews with journalists, biographers, former aides and his longtime friend and mentor Donald Rumsfeld, the former secretary of Defense.
For his part, Cheney remains as satisfied as ever with his performance as vice president — and doesn't look back.
Politics in Lebanon is complicated as it constantly struggles to maintain a balance among its religious and ethnic sects.
Former Luzerne County Judge Mark Ciavarella was also ordered by a federal judge in Pennsylvania to pay about $1 million in restitution.
After a U.S.-based "critical infrastructure" company discovered in 2012 its computer systems were being accessed from China, its security personnel caught the culprit ultimately responsible: Not a hacker from the Middle Kingdom but one of the company's own employees sitting right at his desk in the United States.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Military hardware that can be used in nuclear devices and ground fighting can be easily purchased In the United States and shipped overseas, a government investigation revealed Thursday.
Tribal chiefs in the town are negotiating with the militants to leave the town without bloodshed.
(PEOPLE.com) -- K.D.
The office of the U.N.
The full Senate and House are each expected to vote on the fiscal 2010 budget resolution this week.
The Rev.
Tata Motors, however, aims to make 350,000 Nanos a year from 2010 at another unit elsewhere in the country, a company statement said.
For those seeking even more of an adventure, Choquequirao is the ideal trek.
A measure of the demand to see Brooks perform live is impressive, considering the 400,000 tickets sold represent nearly one of every 10 people in the Republic of Ireland's 4.5 million population.
"It was beyond a super car.
Last month, Portland newspaper The Oregonian reported that the daughter of one of Wu's fundraisers accused him of unwanted sexual advances in May.
The site lets people search the enormous YouTube video database in real time.
Withers may have led a double life as a paid FBI "racial informant."
The fragile cease-fire expired at midnight Monday -- hours after Poroshenko spoke by phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande.
At least 10 other people were injured in the blast after a minivan packed with explosives crashed into a restaurant and blew up, sending flames and black smoke into the air.
Last week, militants carried out a deadly attack on Somalia's presidential palace, exploding a bomb and then opening fire.
Deadline is reporting that a biopic about Carson is currently in the works, with screenwriter John McLaughlin ("Black Swan," this month's "Hitchcock") adapting journalist Bill Zehme's forthcoming biography "Carson the Magnificent: An Intimate Portrait."
There is no studio or director yet attached to the project — and since the book has yet to be released, everything remains in the embryonic stages.
Fellow maniacs, never fear: The show will include iconic songs from the film such as "Flashdance -- What a Feeling," "Maniac," "Gloria," "Manhunt" and "I Love Rock & Roll," as well as 16 new songs for the production.
He has been under house arrest in Britain since December 2010.
Most recently, it outlined plans to build a brand new city.
The hope is that projects like Mohammed bin Rashid will lure millions more visitors a year.
Pandher and his domestic employee Surinder Koli were sentenced to death in February by a lower court for the rape and murder of the 14-year-old.
Three passengers -- all Chinese citizens -- have been rescued and the search operation continues, an official from the search and rescue office of the Jiangsu Maritime Administration told CNN.
Gov.
After taking the position with the sexual assault prevention unit in February, Krusinski underwent training aimed at preparing him for his duties, Air Force spokesman Lt.
(CNN) -- The sexual battery charge against an Air Force officer who had headed a military unit aimed at preventing sexual assaults was changed to assault and battery, his lawyer said Thursday.
(CNN) -- A jury Friday acquitted W.R.
The 90s indie princes buzzed through their insanely fat songbook, 27 brilliant tunes in 90 minutes, without letting the energy level dip, lurching into each song with all their boyish enthusiasm.
The show ended on a high note with "Range Life," a wittily poignant ballad about the passing of youth.
Do you know a hero?
Illinois Gov.
According to reports in the British media, Carol Thatcher referred to a tennis player as a "golliwog" back stage during the filming of The One Show last Thursday.
Myth 3: Wagyu beef and Kobe beef are the same thing
-- Reacting to the news of Gadhafi's death, Vice President Joe Biden said that "NATO got it right" and "the people of Libya got rid of a dictator."
Karras also co-wrote autobiographies called "Even Big Guys Cry" and "Alex Karras by Alex Karras," and sat in the broadcast booth along with Howard Cosell and Frank Gifford during "Monday Night Football" broadcasts.
In April, Karras -- who had been battling dementia -- joined more than 3,000 other former NFL players who are suing the league for not better protecting them from head injuries.
The U.S.
Among the injured was Hakmat Zaydan, the deputy governor of heavily Sunni Anbar province.
It includes acts where one person is infected with HIV, "serial offenders" and sex with minors, Amnesty International said.
The bill also proposes years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to homosexuals, a provision that would ensnare rights groups and others providing services to lesbians, gays, bisexual and transgender people.
Rep.
The Prius, which is built in Japan, is not one of the eight models affected by two recent recalls -- covering several million vehicles -- to fix problems with sticking gas pedals.
Thirty people were diagnosed with the virus that attacks the liver and can be fatal.
oppression: That's the polar contrast Gov.
All Amtrak service between Boston and Philadelphia is canceled because of the extensive flooding, debris on tracks and power issues due to the storm.
Joseph Hedlund Johnson, of Salem, Oregon, was charged with the federal crime of interference with the performance and duties of a flight crew member or attendant.
Under Chinese law, appellate judges can decide non-capital cases behind closed doors after consulting with both sides.
During the politically sensitive trial, which took place over several days in August, Bo, 64, denied the charges and strongly challenged the prosecution's case against him, according to accounts published by the Jinan Intermediate People's Court.
The Chinese high court agreed to hear the appeal on October 8 after Bo Xilai was sentenced to life in prison for bribe-taking, as well as 15 years for embezzlement and seven years for abuse of power after he was convicted in September.
Meanwhile, Los Angeles Fire Department investigators are looking into whether a man who was arrested on suspicion of arson in the San Fernando Valley may have had a role in any of the ongoing blazes, an L.A. police spokeswoman said.
World No.
(CNN) -- Former Penn State head football coach Joe Paterno may have played a greater role than previously known in a decision made by university officials not to report a 2001 incident involving former coach Jerry Sandusky and a boy in a locker room shower, according to e-mails written by university officials.
Troops have launched operations targeting members of families of suspected female bombers trying to break up the rings that are recruiting the women and girls.
Each count carries a maximum of five years in prison.
A new cluster of the virus was reported in the United Arab Emirates this week, as were the first cases in Greece and Malaysia.
In the Middle East, people were tired of the old dictatorships.
Ashoka Mukpo arrived at the Nebraska Medical Center on Monday, where he will be treated in the same biocontainment unit that helped Dr.
In 2010, Forbes magazine estimated his estate's annual take from music sales, a Las Vegas show, Graceland visits and licensing at $60 million.
So far, search teams have found 51 of the 228 people who died when Air France Flight 447 plunged into the sea June 1, according to the military.
U.S.
(CNN) -- HIV has returned in two patients who doctors hoped had been cured of the virus following bone marrow transplants, the Boston researcher who treated them said Saturday.
Messi is favorite to land the gong after recently winning the Ballon d'Or award for the European Player of the Year.
On Friday, the U.S.
"These men are heroes.
The ScanEagle is a relatively low-cost, low-tech system and is operated by a number of U.S. allies in the Persian Gulf region.
(CNN) -- Arizona's top politicians blasted the Obama administration and federal officials over the denial of aid in the wake of the state's deadly wildfire.
The Yarnell Hill blaze killed 19 firefighters, called "hotshots," in late June, when it changed directions and engulfed them.
Republican Gov.
Nimrud was a city in the Assyrian kingdom, which flourished between 900 B.C. and 612 B.C.
A source close to Kotb downplayed the odds of a fourth-hour shakeup and denied the co-host wants a new series: "Hoda loves her job at the Today show and adores everyone she works with on the show.
The Airline Quality Rankings Report looks at the 14 largest U.S. airlines and is based on an analysis of U.S.
ExpressJet and American Airlines had the worst on-time performance (76.9%) last year, according to the data gathered in the 23rd annual report.
(CNN) -- Insurgents locked in a standoff with U.S.
First Sgt.
The senator pledged to see Barack Obama to the White House and his own return to the Senate floor.
Last month Cuba and the United States exchanged prisoners and agreed to discuss normalizing relations that had been trapped in over five decades of Cold War animosity.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Almost all British troops in Iraq are being pulled out because the agreement that allows them to be there expires on Friday, the British Ministry of Defence said Tuesday.
The number of Americans without health insurance reported by Families USA is much higher than those reported by the U.S.
The Obama administration has sought to reduce the U.S. military footprint abroad, pulling all U.S. troops out of Iraq and setting a timetable for the withdrawal of combat troops from Afghanistan.
She was reacting to news reports that Beijing had started a 100-day campaign to "clean out" expatriates illegally living or working in the Chinese capital.
There are almost 200,000 foreign residents in Beijing on short-term or long-term visas, according to the Beijing Morning Post, which quotes police sources.
The invisibility illusion will be achieved with a high-tech LED facade system that uses a series of cameras that will send real-time images onto the building's reflective surface.
According to U.N.
Officials in Guinea alerted Senegal on Wednesday after losing track of the young man, the agency reported.
U.S.
He fought to open the chamber to visitors and has championed sustainable approaches to the project in numerous academic papers.
(CNN) -- The Philippine economy grew 7.1% last quarter -- the fastest growth in two years and the fastest pace in Asia next to China -- a strong sign that the Southeast Asian economy is building domestic-growth rather than relying on exports.
(Rolling Stone) -- Lauryn Hill pleaded guilty in a New Jersey courtroom on Friday to evading federal taxes on $1.8 million earned between 2005 and 2007, the Associated Press reports.
The singer faces a maximum one-year sentence for each of the three counts.
The Braley campaign pounced on Ernst's cancellation of the Register in a conference call Thursday afternoon, calling her move a "major change in strategy for the Ernst campaign."
Neil Prescott, 28, has been charged with misuse of a telephone and will be formally arrested once he is released from a hospital, where he's been undergoing a court-ordered mental evaluation.
The Marines are making some headway," said CNN correspondent Atia Abawi, who is embedded with U.S.
In the newspaper essay, Booker -- one of two African-Americans currently serving in the Senate -- blends his own first-person experience and that of King into a stream-of-consciousness column analyzing American race relations.
Edgar Martirosyan, who might now be the world's most famous pizza deliveryman, had no clue he'd be serving Hollywood's biggest stars Sunday night.
"I was just shocked.
I am innocent," the Rev.
Conti, a former adviser to the mayor of Rome, was arrested in June 2008, more than a year after an anti-pedophilia organization says it brought accusations against him to Catholic Church officials.
The Catholic Church has been rocked this year by allegations of child abuse by Catholic clergy in Ireland, Germany, Austria and the Netherlands, following similar accusations in the United States in the past decade.
It is illegal to carry firearms in the District of Columbia.
The film, written by Nick Cave and directed by John Hillcoat, is a sturdy piece of traditionalism with outrÃ© touches (like Mark Lanegan's cover of the Velvet Underground's ''White Light/White Heat,'' the perfect anachronistic filigree for a story about white lightning).
Hardy's presence is compelling, but the film comes fully alive only when it turns bloody.
It is estimated $8 billion in cash was lugged out of the country last year by car, private jets and border crossings.
No suspects are in custody, but investigators are questioning several people in the case, New Haven Police spokesman Joe Avery said.
As with products like its Kindle e-readers, Kindle Fire tablets and Amazon Fire TV, the Fire Phone is designed to pull you into Amazon's growing universe of products and services and then keep you there.
Initial efforts to free the Avenger-class mine countermeasures ship at high tide were unsuccessful, and the crew was transferred by small boats to the USNS Bowditch and the MSV C-Champion, ships of the Military Sealift Command, according to the Navy statement.
Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park is a UNESCO World Heritage site and home to threatened and endangered marine species, including fish, corals and sharks.
The cause of the grounding was under investigation, the Navy said.
More than a third of the world's bitcoin transactions now flow through China's largest bitcoin trading website BTC China, according to bitcoin data websites.
The official was responding to a Wall Street Journal report that the United States intercepted an order from Iran to militants in Iraq to attack the embassy "and other American interests in Baghdad," if the United States struck Syria militarily for alleged chemical weapons use.
Sheriff James Knight said Antwan Maurice Pittman, 31, was charged with first-degree murder in the death of Taraha Shenice Nicholson, whose remains were found in a wooded area on March 7.
Sheriff James Knight said Antwan Maurice Pittman, 31, was charged with first-degree murder in the death of Taraha Shenice Nicholson, whose remains were found in a wooded area on March 7.
The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours, but the Dalai Lama will not be admitted to the hospital, the spokesman said.
"I do blame the politician," Sen.
The chemical MCHM is commonly used in the coal mining industry for cleaning, and was kept in tanks next to the river by the company Freedom Industries Inc.
These gigantic storms contain volatile updrafts and downdrafts that can move at speeds of 100 mph.
"P.s.
Prince Harry has spoken for the first time about his notorious romp in a Las Vegas hotel suite when photographs were published around the world of him nude, just weeks before he began his tour of duty in Afghanistan.
(CNN) -- The father of a man suspected in a botched terror attack aboard a Northwest Airlines flight contacted the U.S.
The practice has helped maintain the architectural splendor of the palaces in question whilst providing an authentic way for travelers to experience India's rich cultural heritage -- if they have the money.
A Brazilian TV network offered to pay for her mother's medical expenses if Bernardo called off the auction.
(CNN) -- Ten years ago this week, then-Secretary of State Colin Powell declared that genocide had been committed in Darfur and that the government of Sudan and the janjaweed bore responsibility for those acts.
When Obama was sworn in as president, Cooper called it one of the greatest days of her life.
Lauren Cheney had put the U.S.
A U.N.
Flee the flocks of visitors in central Venice with a summer ferry excursion to The Lido.
In its App Store, Apple provides an age rating ranging from 4+ to 17+, and lists the reasons for assigning its maturity rating.
(CNN) -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, who underwent surgery this week to remove her thyroid, did not actually have cancer, her spokesman said Saturday.
Sustainable forestry aims to prevent depletion of forests by managing them and making sure their use does not interfere with natural benefits or the local environment.
(CNET) -- Microsoft has applied for a patent on metered, pay-as-you-go computing.
(CNN) -- Southwest Airlines announced Saturday that it is grounding 81 planes for inspection following an incident in which one of its flights was forced to make an emergency landing after a 3-foot hole tore open in the fuselage of the plane.
They have two children -- Zachary Jackson Levon Furnish-John and Elijah Joseph Daniel Furnish-John.
Flight 445 encountered "severe turbulence" about four hours after takeoff on Nov.
The network has slated her variety show special, titled "The Maya Rudolph Show," to air on May 19 at 10 p.m.
It's all part of Coachella's new partnership with the Creators Project, a program set up by Intel and Vice to connect artists with cutting-edge technology.
The resulting collaborations will be visible all around the Coachella grounds -- right up to the main stage itself, which London's United Visual Artists are building into a three-dimensional lighting sculpture that will move and unfold over the course of the festival.
Rep.
(CNN) -- A Georgia couple accused of locking their 13-year-old son in a small basement room with nothing but a mattress, a box spring and a bucket for a toilet have turned themselves in, police said.
The new 10-print system was rolled out in late November at Dulles.
Johannes Mehserle, 27, appeared in a packed Alameda County courtroom, with his supporters separated by a courtroom aisle from relatives of shooting victim Oscar Grant III and other spectators.
Rome, Italy (CNN) -- The city of Florence and the Italian government are embroiled in a dispute -- again -- over who owns one of the world's most famous statues, Michelangelo's David.
Before al-Awlaki joined forces with al Qaeda in Yemen about three years ago, he built up a large mainstream following in the United States and the United Kingdom because of his charisma and his ability to transmit religious teaching in a vernacular young Muslims could understand.
The drone crashed on the Baekryeong Island on Monday afternoon, the ministry said -- soon after North and South Korean artillery batteries exchanged hundreds of shells across their western sea border.
Despite the country's many disadvantages in championing the cold-weather sport, in 2010 the UAE became the first Arab nation to play in an International Ice Hockey Federation world championship.
Race has been used to create a political divide in the South.
Experts in Antwerp, Belgium who analyzed the 478-carat stone determined it to be of the highest color grading available for a white diamond, said a statement from Gem Diamonds Ltd., the company that found the stone.
Georgia, formerly part of the Soviet Union, is now looking west and has ambitions of joining NATO.
The utility had also been ensnared in a labor dispute between federal officials and a union representing Luz y Fuerza del Centro employees.
By Thursday evening, 9 of the 10 top trending topics on micro-blogging site Twitter were about Michael Jackson.
His equally modest, black-and-white Shakespeare adaptation "Much Ado About Nothing" premieres Saturday at this year's Toronto International Film Festival.
Whedon also mused about the connections between Shakespeare and "The Avengers," which has grossed more than $650 million domestically at the box office since its May debut, according to BoxOfficeMojo.com.
Academic pressures, social concerns, and sleep disruptions can lead to bouts of depression as well as mania, the euphoric, revved-up state characteristic of bipolar disorder.
"There are no allegations of any wrongdoing on the part of any of these tenants or occupants," said Yusill Scribner, a spokesman for the U.S.
Thousands of people in Plateau state have been killed in similar outbreaks of violence in the last decade, said Corinne Dufka, a senior West Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch.
Elsewhere in the Premier League, leaders Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has been charged with improper conduct by the FA over comments he made about referee Martin Atkinson on Tuesday
Rescue workers were also trying to find 29 people who were still missing after landslides buried some 50 homes with debris, said Priyadi Kardono, spokesman for the National Disaster Management Agency.
The landslides occurred on Tuesday in the area of Ciwidey in the province of West Java after torrential downpours, Kardono said.
For his latest project, a TV mini-series adaptation of Stephen King's 1998 novel, "Bag of Bones," he portrays Mike Noonan, a writer who seems to be going slowly insane at a remote lake town after his wife's death.
(CNN) -- A controversial new cyberlaw has been temporarily suspended in the Philippines by the country's top court Tuesday, a move seen as a victory of netizens who objected to the criminalization of libel, which could result in social media users being thrown in jail for posts.
The Cybercrime Prevention Act of 2012 went into effect on October 3 amidst widespread protests by the Filipino online community, journalists and free speech activists.
Critics of the law are against various provisions of the law, mainly one that criminalizes libel.
As Tila Tequila, Nguyen starred on the MTV reality shows "A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila" in 2007 and "A Shot at Love 2 With Tila Tequila" in 2008.
The boys, 16 and 17, were hoisted off the cliff in the Sierra Buttes in Northern California on Saturday, according to the California Highway Patrol.
Authorities say at least three of the men are self-proclaimed anarchists who had considered "a series of evolving plots over several months."
In the past two decades, Canada has intensified security in government buildings after a man drove a bus into Parliament Hill in 1989.
I ran a half-marathon in April with my cousins, mom, and aunts.
The quake was deep (70.5 kilometers or 43 miles) but close to El Salvador's shoreline -- about 64 kilometers from the municipality of Intipuca.
Crews responded to at least 12 collapsed homes.
A woman was killed when an electrical utility pole fell on her, Mayor Will Salgado said.
Apple has set the price for its tablet in the $499 -- $829 price range (with the cheapest 3G-sporting option being priced at $629), and any Android tablet will have a hard time competing with the iPad 2 at a price too near the upper end of that spectrum.
The addictive game that soared to the top of iPhone and Android app downloads disappeared from app stores on Sunday, though players who already have it apparently can keep on flying.
(Mashable) -- Along with hearing the announcement about the Verizon iPhone Tuesday, we've learned that Apple's iPad -- which has been marketed by Verizon for some time -- will now actually be able to connect directly to the Verizon network.
Gristina, 44, was arrested on February 22 and has been charged with promoting prostitution in the third degree.
Rivera Gracias was added to the FBI's Top 10 list on March 14 and at that time law enforcement officials said they believed he had fled to his native country.
The trip will end in New York, where the Titanic was headed.
Gov.
The government said it was not really "lying" to declare that "there exist no records responsive to your FOIA request."
In this series, Americans tell their stories about guns on a first-hand basis, providing a more intimate look at a topic that is often ignored until gun violence erupts.
Now gay advocates in Iowa would like to create the same kind of wedding infrastructure available in Connecticut, Massachusetts and Vermont.
It is significantly darker than much of Almodóvar's recent work and contains more than a couple of eye opening "Wait.
(CNN) -- For Sen.
(CNN) -- Alan D.
The actor died in a car accident on November 30 before he finished filming the next installment of the popular action franchise.
The tragedy not only was a devastating shock to the production, a creative team that prides itself on its sense of family, but it put in doubt whether the new film could be completed at all.
Justin Nelson and Kristi Warriner wed Tuesday in the NICU of Cook Children's Hospital in Fort Worth, where baby JJ has been since September.
An American explorer's claim to have found the long-lost Santa Maria, Christopher Columbus' flagship from his first voyage to the Americas, has been dismissed by a group of U.N.
With help from "Dallas" leading man, J.R.
He writes for CNN's Vital Signs about how the island of Zanzibar has virtually eliminated the disease over the past five years.
With funding from the President's Malaria Initiative, the World Bank, and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria, Zambia greatly expanded the use of proven tools to prevent and treat the disease, such as the use of indoor spraying with insecticides, distribution of bednets, and effective malaria treatment in government clinics.
Georgia, formerly part of the Soviet Union, is now looking west and has ambitions of joining NATO.
(CNN) -- A powerful storm is making its way through the northeastern U.S., expected to dump 2 feet of snow or more in some areas.
Swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig.
(CNN) -- Two pirates in Somalia vowed revenge Monday, after the U.S. military killed three pirates and freed a U.S.
A 28-year-old suspect remains under arrest at a London hospital.
"Since Western fighters joined ISIS, they consider their home country as infidels," he said.
On Tuesday Sen.
Once hailed as a liberation hero, Mugabe became a household name during a guerrilla war against white colonial rulers in Zimbabwe, then known as Rhodesia.
Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone had a combined total of 99 new cases for the week ending January 25, the WHO said.
The World Bank on Wednesday said it has halted lending and disbursing funds to the Ivory Coast and that the agency's office in the West African country has been closed.
Momeni is being held in a section of Tehran's notorious Evin Prison that is managed by the Intelligence Ministry, the group said.
Horne complained she was used as "window dressing" in white films, mostly limited to singing performances that could be easily edited out for play in southern theaters.
Retiring Army Col.
Contributing substantially to the party, big movie stars Brad Pitt and Matt Damon join in (and steal their part of the show) as teensy crustaceans Will and Bill the Krill.
On the heels of re-election, President Goodluck Jonathan lifted fuel subsides on petrol in an effort to cut $8 billion a year from the government's budget.
So far this year, Ford has delivered the first two of what will eventually be a fleet of 20 Escape Plug-In Hybrid "research" vehicles to Southern California Edison, the utility company.
Similarly, Toyota has announced plans to build their version of a plug-in electric car and place them into corporate fleets in 2010.
Residents reported fighting between the army and an unidentified armed group Thursday afternoon near the eastern entrance to Benghazi.
Earlier Thursday, a Libyan soldier was shot dead by unknown assailants outside his home in the city's al-Sabri neighborhood, the LANA state news agency reported.
Turkey recently had mediated indirect talks between Israel and Syria, neighboring countries that have been adversaries for years.
Assad said he and Sarkozy also discussed Iran's nuclear program and Lebanon.
(CNN) -- Two men found floating in a giant cooler off the Australian coast say they want to stay in Australia and don't want to go home, immigration officials said Friday.
There are just 25,000 girls registered to play youth soccer in Japan, a country of more than 125 million people, Byer said.
NASA's funding of the space station is currently scheduled to end in 2016.
Its last election in 2006 was overseen by the United Nations and considered a transition from decades of dictatorship, making this year's vote the first true test of democracy, analysts say.
The menorah marks Hanukkah, the Jewish Festival of Lights that mostly falls in December.
(CNN) -- Myanmar is facing a food shortage largely due to last year's deadly Cyclone Nargis, which destroyed nearly all the rice crops in the fertile Ayeyarwaddy delta, the United Nations said Wednesday.
(CNN) -- Myanmar is facing a food shortage largely due to last year's deadly Cyclone Nargis, which destroyed nearly all the rice crops in the fertile Ayeyarwaddy delta, the United Nations said Wednesday.
The country's refusal to commit forces to the war on Iraq in 2003 was interpreted in the United States -- not only in government but in the American media and public opinion -- as the consequence of a pacifist doctrine and even as a scandalous betrayal of its allies.
More than 15 million Americans are providing unpaid care for a person with dementia, according to the Alzheimer's Association.
The Glasgow, Scotland concert has been shifted from this Sunday to May 1, he said.
"If the owners feel I have another chance, then they'll give it to me," he said.
So if a thief got his hands on your iPhone, he can figure out where you live and loot you there, too.
It's likely we'll see Apple issue a software update soon tweaking the geodata-storage method, hopefully with a full explanation.
Tokyo maintains its legal liability for the wrongdoing was cleared by a bilateral claims treaty signed in 1965 between the two countries.
Erdogan said he hoped an agreement in Tehran would stop the U.N.
Lula is in Iran ahead of the Group of 15 developing nations meeting in Tehran.
The 2-ton rover landed on Mars on August 6 in a series of acrobatic maneuvers dubbed the "seven minutes of terror."
The U.S. administration remains reluctant to move forward on a no-fly zone alone.
(CNN) -- African football has been left reeling following the tragic deaths of two players in two days over the weekend, both while appearing for their clubs.
Meanwhile, on Sunday, teenage central defender Bartholomew Opoku collapsed while playing for Ghanaian side Kessben in their league clash with Liberty.
Collins has sold more than 150 million records in his 40-plus years in the music business.
Over the past 50 years, revolving restaurants have opened in more than 50 countries on six continents, from Colombia to Nepal to Canada.
"The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news," the palace said.
(CNN) -- Brazilian star Kaka expects to be joined by fellow world 'Galacticos' as Real Madrid president Florentino Perez constructs a Spanish Primera Liga side that he hopes will rule supreme.
John Dingell and John Conyers, both of Michigan, and Florida Republican Rep.
Earlier this year, a U.S.
Sowell served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape and was released in 2005.
World No.
Judge Larry Burns is a 2003 Bush appointee serving in the U.S.
(CNN) -- Laurent Blanc stood down as coach of the French national team Saturday in the wake of their quarterfinal exit at Euro 2012.
Redmond O'Neal, 26, was convicted on two drug offenses two years ago but was released a year ago from a Pasadena, California, sober living facility where he was undergoing court-ordered drug rehab.
The incident occurred near territory disputed by Japan and Russia since the end of World War II.
Drug and gang violence is rampant here, killing nearly 100 people this year alone.
The American Romantics, including the Transcendentalist writers and the Hudson River Valley painters, visited the Appalachian peaks seeking both a deeper spiritual experience and subjects for their work.
For fast access to music controls while your iPhone's screen is locked, just double tap the home button.
Do Not Disturb is a new feature in iOS 6 that lets you silence all incoming text messages, phone calls and notifications.
(CNN) -- Protests over media freedom continued in Venezuela Tuesday, a day after two student protesters were killed in separate clashes.
The Camp Liberty shooter has been identified as Army Sgt.
The U.N.
Japan recently mobilized its missile defense system in response to the planned North Korean launch, Japanese officials said.
One out of every 13 Earthlings and three out of four Americans is on Facebook, and one out of 26 signs into Facebook on a daily basis.
One out of every 13 Earthlings and three out of four Americans is on Facebook, and one out of 26 signs into Facebook on a daily basis.
Winfrey's wealth was estimated at around $1 billion by Forbes in 2004.
The price of gasoline has risen 73 percent while diesel fuel rose at least 80 percent.
Ancient Discovery - Uncover the details of a religiously significant discovery in Israel.
Detour to College - Find out how financial concerns impacted one freshman's college choice.
Public Outbursts - Offer your opinions on some recent outbursts by people in the public eye.
Dr.
Record 32-time champion the U.S. -- without a title since 2007 -- hosts former competition powerhouse Great Britain, which claimed the last of its nine titles in 1936.
Libya is the third biggest oil producer in Africa and has the continent's largest proven oil reserves.
This week MME takes a look at how social unrest could impact the country's oil economy.
J.S.
Obesity is associated with worse outcomes in other types of tumors too, including breast cancer, according to Fleming.
Voodoo is widely acknowledged but practiced only behind closed doors, with practitioners often placing candles and icons on the floor of a home and dancing to music and drums.
Diamond's right-hand man also quit last week after the bank was fined a record Â£290 million (US$449 million) for fixing the interest rate floor upon which trillions of dollars worth of financial contracts are based.
Stobbs, and hundreds of policemen and other volunteers combed 845 square meters of land looking for clues as to what brought the plane down.
Lockerbie local John Gair said he was never entirely convinced of Al Megrahi's guilt.
The number of pediatric deaths from influenza rose by 14, for a total of 59 this season.
Populations most at risk of serious illness from the flu should see their doctor if they become ill, CDC director Dr.
"The sad truth is Mr.
Hekmati's family has hired a high-profile lawyer with success in negotiating with Tehran to seek his release.
U.S.
The case will be heard in federal court in West Virginia early next year.
This week, we learned from Science magazine that NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft -- currently the man-made object farthest from Earth -- crossed a boundary of the solar system and entered interstellar space sometime last summer.
"I'm more driven.
Kotwicki, who also is the medical director at the Skyland Trail mental health treatment facility in Atlanta, says drugs like Adderall can produce jitters, headaches, stomach problems or even eventually lead to psychosis, a mental disorder that includes the loss of contact with reality.
Ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter in connection with the October 2009 incident at the spiritual retreat.
(CNN) -- Germany's Martin Kaymer has been speaking about his rise to the top of the world golf rankings, despite losing the WGC-Accenture Match Play final to Luke Donald at the weekend.
His basic salary is $11,000 a month -- plus a $400 monthly car allowance and $7,500 annual deferred compensation paid into a retirement plan, according to court documents.
Defenders of Officer Daniel Pantaleo say he is an upstanding former Boy Scout with few complaints against him.
Critics say he should have been indicted for his role in Garner's death and point to two lawsuits against him as signs that his record as an officer is tarnished.
It's when he scales back on the synths, as on ''That's My Shhh,'' that he thrills.
Police say Dennis Carter Sr.
Some -- though not all -- of the producers of the Fox series have indicated they're willing to have their pay reduced to continue the series beyond its current record-setting 23rd season.
The cast, however, have yet to agree to terms with the studio.
As Variety reported, "Simpsons" studio 20th Century Fox TV has demanded a 45 percent pay cut and the voice actors countered with a 30% reduction, plus a piece of the back end.
Gilad Shalit has been held captive by Hamas without any contact with the outside world since the summer of 2006, and efforts to end his captivity have become a rallying cry for thousands of Israelis who have actively supported efforts by his family to put pressure on the government to bring about his release.
Gilad Shalit has been held captive by Hamas without any contact with the outside world since the summer of 2006, and efforts to end his captivity have become a rallying cry for thousands of Israelis who have actively supported efforts by his family to put pressure on the government to bring about his release.
One of the key changes in Rapid Rewards is that members can now redeem points on every seat, every day and on every flight with no blackout dates or seat restrictions.
Earn or use points at least once every 24 months, and you'll keep your points forever; a perk that Winship said is a huge improvement from Southwest's current system, which erases any points not used within two years.
What's next?
In a statement Thursday, Costa Rica's foreign ministry said the country had filed a lawsuit at the International Court of Justice in The Hague, Netherlands, to end a situation that "threatens imminent and irreparable harm" to Costa Rica.
The suit asks the court to stop "the construction of a canal on Costa Rican soil," according to the statement.
It was at That Tent shortly before 8 p.m., when New York power-pop sensation fun. hit the first chorus of their ubiquitous hit, "We Are Young."
Bonnaroo drew its initial inspiration directly from the festivals that Phish threw in the 1990s, so it was only fitting that Phish closed out the main stage with a two-set show that embodied the spirit of the fest.
He succeeds Dennis Blair, who was pressured to resign because of differences with the White House over the scope of his role and turf battles with the CIA director.
(CNN) -- Years before the first Gulf War, Saddam Hussein was slaughtering Iraq's Kurds with bombs, bullets and gas.
"He targeted countries where terrorism and violence was rife," Heath said.
The inclusion of top diplomats such as Zarif, Ashton and U.S.
The move comes less than a week after bipartisan legislation was introduced in the U.S.
Jessica Barrymore, 47, was found dead in her vehicle on a street in National City, California, near San Diego, on July 29, the San Diego County Medical Examiner said in a report.
Jessica Barrymore and Drew Barrymore are both daughters of actor John Drew Barrymore but have different mothers.
He based this recommendation because it costs taxpayers about 2.4 cents to make each penny and 11.2 cents to make each nickel.
Texas Gov.
On Wednesday, a Republican congressman revealed Lerner e-mails that asked whether the IRS should look into an invitation for GOP Sen.
Pirates are now holding 26 vessels and 613 hostages off the coast of Somalia, where many pirates are based, the European Union Naval Force Somalia said.
The U.S.
To conclude, Graham says the findings of the report prove the House Intelligence Committee "is doing a lousy job policing their own."
About 215,000 North Americans will sail on riverboats this year, up nearly 60 percent since 2004.
Unlike the price slashing you'll find on big-ship ocean cruises, which have thousands of cabins to fill, last-minute discounts on riverboats are rare -- all the more reason to plan strategically.
(EW.com) -- FX has greenlit a single-camera pilot called "The Comedians" that will star Billy Crystal as a veteran joke-teller who is paired with a younger and edgier performer for a late-night sketch show.
The Marquette study says that the backscatter dose is "comparable" to one minute of exposure to cosmic radiation and considerably lower than radiation levels of other X-ray procedures, such as a mammogram.
Six others were wounded in the deadly clashes that erupted after the body of Maroof Ahmad Nath, 25, was pulled out of the Jhelum River.
About 375 million EU citizens aged 18 or over are entitled to vote in the election of the parliament members for a five-year term.
Elections will take place in all 27 member countries of the EU, with the citizens of Bulgaria and Romania included for the first time.
Much legislation in member states actually originates at a European level.
As well as her world records she also holds 34 U.S.
The Brooklyn district attorney said Friday he will impanel a grand jury to investigate the death of Akai Gurley, who was unarmed when a rookie police officer shot him to death in the unlit stairwell of a housing project last month.
The Italian military has rescued about 2,000 migrants in the last five days alone, Italy's navy said Monday, highlighting the difficulty in keeping up with the flow of migrants seeking to reach European soil.
Maroon 5 frontman and "The Voice" judge Adam Levine leads the list of nominees with six nods in both the music and television categories, while Justin Bieber is the top individual nominee with five music nods.
People's sexiest man alive, Channing Tatum, leads the male actors with four nods and Emma Stone and Jennifer Lawrence are tied with three nominations in the exact same categories.
People's sexiest man alive, Channing Tatum, leads the male actors with four nods and Emma Stone and Jennifer Lawrence are tied with three nominations in the exact same categories.
The band has turned down a request from an animal rights group to rename itself the Rescue Shelter Boys.
"West End Girls" is one of the many hits the group has had in its long career.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
Inhalation of powdered beryllium can result in chronic beryllium disease, which can impair lung function in people who are susceptible.
You can get further suggestions by clicking on the "People" tab on the left-hand side search results where you can also browse recent tweets about the queried topic.
Rep.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- Strong winds and rough waves Sunday dimmed hopes of rescuing 46 South Korean sailors as search efforts entered their second day following the Friday night sinking of their navy ship off the North Korean coast.
ET), according to the U.S.
Joseph Ozment was served with papers at a hotel in Laramie, Wyoming, where he had been staying under another name, his office said.
Standing taller than six foot, her preternaturally long legs were ideally suited to the "scissors" style favored by the leading athletes of the day.
Lafayette authorities evacuated about 3,500 homes and businesses -- including a nursing home -- within a mile of the derailment location.
Lanessa L.
3: Days before the election set aside for Ohioans to vote in person.
30.3: Percent of voters nationwide who voted early in 2008.
8.12 million: The estimated number of people who have already voted as of October 25, according to Michael McDonald of the United States Election Project at George Mason University.
"He still works long days and stays up very, very late," the friend said.
Madeira-born footballer Cristiano Ronaldo also paid tribute to the victims as his team Real Madrid played Villarreal on Sunday.
It says it has no organizational links with the Brotherhood elsewhere, but shares the philosophy of the pan-Arab Islamist movement founded in Egypt in the 1920s.
The settlement would provide a system to pay for the compensation of the injury claims made by workers.
(CNN) -- Barcelona midfielder Alexander Hleb has turned down a move to Inter Milan in favor of returning to Bundesliga club Stuttgart on loan for the season.
Oral arguments will likely be held in March with a ruling by late June.
Meanwhile, the White House tried to soften remarks Sotomayor made in 2001 that have rankled conservatives, who say her assertion that her experiences as a Latina woman might make her judgments more sound than those of a white man brands her as a racist.
(CNN) -- The U.N.
By 2017, business-to-consumer e-commerce in China is predicted to double its share and reach 46% of the total online sale, according to the China Internet Network Information Center.
More bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days.
Since the vote, Iran has seen turmoil not witnessed since the 1979 Islamic revolution as thousands have taken to the streets to protest and security forces have brutally cracked down.
However, with the global recession continuing to bite, the Kazakh cycling federation has already been forced to overcome a shortfall in riders' salaries this year.
After 33 days and more than 100 witnesses, the murder trial of Casey Anthony is inches from its end -- only Sunday's closing statements remain before the jury deliberates.
By the end of 2010, China had become Myanmar's second-largest trading partner.
For its part, Myanmar offers China energy resources and a strategic gateway to the Indian Ocean.
The West is not going to enter into a proxy war with Russia -- and Ukraine's best hope is to wind down the war and to use the breathing space for much-needed reform.
Dennis Ritchie is the father of the C programming language, and with fellow Bell Labs researcher Ken Thompson, he used C to build UNIX, the operating system that so much of the world is built on -- including the Apple empire overseen by Steve Jobs.
Dennis Ritchie is the father of the C programming language, and with fellow Bell Labs researcher Ken Thompson, he used C to build UNIX, the operating system that so much of the world is built on -- including the Apple empire overseen by Steve Jobs.
The 23-year-old can defend his Hong Kong Open title next week and then go to Dubai for the $8 million World Tour Championship without the pressure of the last three years, when he was twice the European Tour's No.
One of those leading the opposition is Sen.
U.N.
Authorities say eight people have died and 470 have been injured since the protests began in November.
Mendes' rep confirmed the director's statement in Empire magazine, which explains that he will not direct James Bond's 24th adventure.
Heroin has killed a record number of people on Long Island in the last two years, data shows.
George W.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Rapper T.I. begins serving an 11-month sentence in an Arkansas federal prison Monday, while the drug case against his wife is set for a hearing in a Beverly Hills, California courtroom.
Pvt.
His execution would be the first for the U.S. military since 1961, but the White House said it expects further appeals before the sentence is carried out.
[Original post] Do you know where this photo was taken?
(CNN) -- One of China's biggest banks is planning to make the country's biggest foreign bank acquisition to date and has set its sights on potential targets in Europe.
Analysts and deal bankers have long predicted that Chinese groups, which retain relatively high market valuations, could swoop on comparatively cheap western rivals.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rep.
Fireworks lit up the sky over London's River Thames as the clock struck midnight -- one of many festivities worldwide.
New York (CNN) -- A decorated U.S.
Pfc.
Travers died from side effects of treatment from a bone-marrow transplant after battling leukemia, publicist Heather Lylis said.
Proceeds from the book, which has a suggested retail price of $17.99, will be donated to the Fisher House Foundation for a scholarship fund for children of fallen and disabled soldiers.
The tech entrepreneur spotted the gap in the market and in 2010 he founded iROKO Partners, an internet company that distributes Nollywood films to viewers across the world.
A second attempted hijacking took place at approximately the same time, but the Italian-flagged cargo ship evaded the attack, the EU said.
-- Seven jurors said a family member had spent time in jail.
"Africa's diversity should be a source of strength, not a cause for division.
It is the first arrest warrant ever issued for a sitting head of state by the world's only permanent war crimes tribunal.
KANSAS CITY, Kansas (CNN) -- Army Spc.
Coalition forces are battling Taliban fighters around the town of Marjah in southern Helmand province.
About half of the babies born in Western countries today will live until they are 100 years old, according to recent research published in the medical journal The Lancet, so the challenge is to ensure they remain active throughout their old age.
Scientists at Leeds University envisage that many of the body parts that flounder with age could be upgraded using own-grown tissues and more durable implants.
(CNN) -- U2 lead singer Bono has been discharged from a German hospital where he was treated for a back injury, concert promoter Live Nation said Tuesday.
In 1882, 17 years after the Civil War ended, U.S.
Javier A.
Sen.
Do you know a hero?
The couple play husband and wife in the upcoming thriller "Dream House."
The 26-year-old's death has come to symbolize Iranian resistance to the government's official election results since it was captured on amateur video.
Her next step is to spend a few days with a sobriety coach to ease her transition -- something that Lohan decided for herself, the source noted.
Gentrification has become a major issue in Tuesday's city elections.
(EW.com) -- Kaley Cuoco is set to return as host of the 2013 People's Choice Awards, CBS announced today.
Colorectal cancer -- often referred to as colon cancer -- is the third leading cause of cancer death in both men and women, according to the American Cancer Society.
Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) -- Three mortar rounds struck harmlessly inside Baghdad's Green Zone on Sunday night during a weekend visit by U.S.
White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters on Tuesday that the goal of the military aid expected to include small arms, ammunition and perhaps anti-tank weapons is to keep the Syrian opposition going against forces aligned with President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
The Brits have always been famed for their literary adaptations and costume dramas, but they never used to look like this.
Concerned the problem may exist on other airline fleets, Boeing says it plans to advise airlines to inspect the parts more frequently than the current recommendation of every 1,500 takeoff and landing cycles.
President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf also lifted a nationwide curfew imposed in August to help combat the virus.
A high burden of bacteria could disrupt the ability of specialized immune cells known as Langerhans cells to activate immune defenses.
A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread and lasts longer than a single storm. With the widespread drop in temperature, however, you can see significant winter storms develop, especially when the cold air is initially advancing into a previously warm region -- much like the nor'easter this past week.
(CNN) -- Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez insists Fernando Torres is happy at the English Premier League club after Manchester City were linked with a multi-million dollar bid for the Spain striker.
Nigerian troops backed by civilian vigilantes reclaimed the northeastern town of Chibok late Saturday, a military spokesman and a community leader said Sunday.
Eight people were arrested on suspicion of aggravated rioting, police said.
Do you know a hero?
Mateusz Martyniuk told CNN that Poland received a request from U.S. officials to arrest Polanski, and the Oscar winning filmmaker came Wednesday to the office in Krakow.
U.S.
Homosexuality is illegal in most African nations based on remnants of sodomy laws introduced during the British colonial era and perpetuated by cultural beliefs.
Sgt.
Jessica Vega, 25, who was arrested last week in Virginia and later brought to New York, has been indicted on fraud and grand larceny charges and one misdemeanor in the alleged ruse.
Jessica Vega, 25, who was arrested last week in Virginia and later brought to New York, has been indicted on fraud and grand larceny charges and one misdemeanor in the alleged ruse.
She could face up to 24 years behind bars if convicted.
(CNN) -- The first American to orbit the Earth has undergone successful heart surgery.
Henry L.
TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- Police found three men dead in a car parked outside a spa Monday morning -- the latest in a string of suicides involving detergent, officials said.
According to local media reports, more than 60 people have committed suicide across Japan in the last month by mixing detergent and other chemicals, and inhaling the hydrogen sulfide gas that results.
The R&B singer was on his way to New York to be on "The Jimmy Fallon Show" and NBC's "Today" when he became ill and decided to seek medical treatment in his hometown, a statement from the singer said Wednesday.
"It's like walking through a tunnel of lights with synchronized music," he said.
Electronic cigarettes look like the real thing, but they're actually battery-operated devices that turn nicotine into a vapor that is inhaled by the user, according to the FDA.
The surface-to-air interceptors would be "dealing with threats that come out of Syria," said U.S.
The 41-year-old comic, who was in Seattle to perform his stand-up comedy show over the weekend, was booked into the King County jail on charges of assault, harassment and obstruction, police said.
Fort Hood, Texas (CNN) -- A military jury on Friday convicted Army Maj.
Evacuees were taken to an armory converted into a shelter, Red Cross official Amelia Aubourg told CNN.
"I am delighted and honored to be a member," she said Monday in a statement.
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) claimed responsibility.
No officials were hurt in the explosions in Warri in southern Nigeria, said Delta state government spokesman Linus Chima.
It was the group's first claim for an attack since calling off a cease-fire with the government in January.
Rep.
(CNN) -- The defense and prosecution were hammering out a plea deal Tuesday in the court-martial of Brig.
Vick, who will turn 29 on June 26, pleaded guilty in August 2007 to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia.
Lieberman frequently clashes with Arab members of the Knesset and has called for them to be tried and executed for meeting with leaders of Hezbollah and Hamas.
"I have taken a very progressive stance in the rest of my life," she says.
Jackson's burial has been delayed by division among Jackson family members, though it was matriarch Katherine Jackson who would make the final decision, brother Jermaine Jackson recently told CNN.
Qazvin is the largest city in the province of Qazvin and is its capital, with an estimated population of 330,000.
Miller said he alerted Apple to the bug three weeks ago and the company told him a fix was in the works.
Iran denies allegations that it is working on nuclear weapons and says its program is solely directed toward developing civilian nuclear energy.
Three other Britons -- one woman and two men -- and an Indian man are also being questioned, Bali police narcotics chief Mulyadi told reporters.
(CNN) -- North Korean leader Kim Jong-il has added his brother-in-law to a military board in a move analysts say paves the way for an heir, according to South Korea's state-sponsored Yonhap news agency.
Highway 101 near Soledad, California, was closed in both directions for about 2½ hours after the crash, which injured 38 people, authorities said.
Cpl.
Gen.
Mori still dreams of dancing on Broadway and has plans to open a dance school, saying "I want to teach the young generation, through dancing, how to be positive, patient and happy.
Missouri Sen.
Fourteen Christians have been slain in the past two weeks in the city, which is about 260 miles (420 kilometers) north of Baghdad.
The G1 -- unveiled in New York last month -- has been released exclusively by T-Mobile and will go head to head with products such as Apple's iPhone, the Blackberry and other smartphones from makers including Nokia.
The handset uses Google's Android software and is being touted as a phone with the capability of a hand-held computer.
At least 141 people were killed across the country Saturday, the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said.
"Everyone has heirlooms or meaningful pieces with journeys and stories behind them.
Atlanta, Georgia (CNN) -- The U.S.
The Tamil Tigers have their roots in the earliest days of Sri Lanka's independence in 1948.
Critics say it will encourage developers to continue to illegally cut down the Amazon forest while supporters say it brings the country's legal framework in line with reality.
He said Ahmadinejad's denials of the Holocaust had repulsed Iran's allies.
Harry is a showman, a natural performer in front of the camera and a microphone.
Like his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, he is flawed and that makes him interesting.
Ground zero for the global fight against deforestation, Sumatra is the only place in the world where tigers, elephants, rhinos and orangutans co-exist.
Counseling and employee assistance are being provided to Kennedy Space Center workers, NASA said.
What do you think?
Most of the deaths were by drowning or in landslides, the disaster agency said.
Head injuries in football have become a hot-button issue in recent years, from youth leagues to the NFL.
The array was damaged, but the sub and the ship did not collide, the official said.
TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- Japanese scientists have produced clones of mice that have been dead and frozen for 16 years -- a feat that could lead researchers to one day resurrect long-extinct species, such as the mammoth.
Researchers at the Riken Center for Developmental Biology in Kobe, Japan, used cells from mice that had been frozen for 16 years at -20 Celsius (-4 degrees Fahrenheit).
The Justice Department has been watching developments in the Gray case and is officially looking into whether a prosecutable civil rights violation occurred, a spokesperson said Tuesday.
Washington (CNN) -- Republican Rep.
The U.N.
Demme is the acclaimed director of a long list of dramatic films, including 1991's horrific "Silence of the Lambs" and 2008's "Rachel Getting Married" -- but music is never far from his mind.
According to some of its biggest critics, here are eight ways Microsoft can reinvent itself, return to relevancy and dominate the tech world once more instead of just following it.
News of the latest round of airstrikes came as Obama declined to provide a timetable for U.S. airstrikes and humanitarian aid drops in Iraq.
Do you know a hero?
TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Monday he did not call for a ban on Facebook during the country's presidential election.
Reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi -- a former prime minister considered a threat to Ahmadinejad -- has created a Facebook page for his campaign and has more than 5,000 supporters on the site.
Chansa Kabwela, the editor of the Post, wanted to highlight the conditions in which women were being forced to give birth during a hospital strike last summer.
She mailed pictures to government ministers of a woman delivering a baby in a hospital parking lot.
But Zambian President Rupiah Banda described the photos as pornographic and Kabwela was ordered arrested.
Rep.
Nearly 22 million travelers are expected to hop on board cruises this year to set sail for fun and exciting locations, enjoying the dining, entertainment and sun available on cruise ships all over the world.
Both killers had been convicted and sentenced to life behind bars without the possibility of parole within two years of their crimes.
Martin books that inspired it, Thrones is set in Westeros, which is basically England in the Middle Ages with more dragons and fewer magical swords.
(CNN) -- Novak Djokovic is up to number three in the world after defeating Marin Cilic in the final of the China Open in Beijing on Sunday.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker John Boehner and Sen.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker John Boehner and Sen.
The site offers one deal per day in the cities it covers, and the number of cities in the network is growing fast.
The dynamics of group buying mean that Groupon has a significant early advantage, however: The more users a site can gain, the more leverage it has to score big discounts from businesses.
"X Factor" chief Simon Cowell is seeking to fill the judges panel spots vacated by Paula Abdul and Nicole Scherzinger before the second season starts production later this year.
Anderson's "Resident Evil: Retribution" become his fourth straight "Resident Evil" film to debut atop the chart; Paul Thomas Anderson's drama "The Master" had one of the best opening weekends of all time in limited release.
Government forces took the area in a surprise attack early Sunday, the head of Sri Lanka's army announced.
(CNN) -- Tzipi Livni, leader of a key Israeli opposition party, said Monday she would be willing to face arrest to challenge the validity of war crimes charges reportedly filed against her in a British court.
Livni had served as Israel's foreign minister during an Israeli three-week military offensive against Hamas in Gaza that ended exactly one year ago.
However you viewed Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) — and chances are that view changed radically over the last five seasons -- the two men will forever be linked as the heart and corroded soul of AMC's meth-making drama Breaking Bad.
New players are quickly brought up to speed through some introductory missions and different dialogue from experienced characters.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The United States is losing access to one of its three counternarcotics bases in Latin America, U.S. military officials said Wednesday.
Every year CNN selects iReporters to race in a triathlon with Dr.
Follow the Fit Nation team on Twitter, Facebook and on CNN.com for updates on their training progress.
(CNN) -- Mirko Vucinic and Rodrigo Taddei scored second half goals as AS Roma beat Juventus 2-0 in the quarterfinals of the Coppa Italia Thursday night.
- EU leaders at Brussels summit call for complete overhaul of international financial system.
The teen, who lives in a Virginia suburb of Washington, is accused of helping a slightly older adult travel to Syria.
(CNN) -- The International Committee of the Red Cross called on Israel to allow it immediate access to Gaza, saying a trip into Gaza City revealed weak children laying with their dead mothers and other "shocking" scenes.
New York (CNN) -- Candles used in voodoo sex ceremony caused a fatal five alarm fire after they tipped over and ignited bed sheets in a Brooklyn, New York, apartment, authorities said Friday.
(CNN) -- It's been a month since the "cease-fire" was due to come into effect in Syria as the first step in a U.N.-backed peace plan, with a team of U.N.
Since the Toxic Substances Control Act took effect in 1976, the EPA has tested only 200 of the 80,000 chemicals in commerce and regulated just five.
In the past, the strikes have focused on North and South Waziristan, but the intelligence officials said many militant leaders have been pushed out of those areas by the drone activity, relocating to areas further north like Khyber.
Last October, RBS was one of three major banks the British Treasury pumped $63 billion into to keep liquid.
(CNN)Warren Weinstein, who appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda, was accidentally killed in a U.S.
Such apps could be accessed through home computers or smart phones, as well as from within the vehicle itself.
Maybe it's just my imagination, but Sam Worthington seems to be getting slightly less stiff as an actor.
(CNN) -- Juventus are back on top of the Italian Serie A table after a comfortable 3-0 home win over Palermo on Sunday maintained their unbeaten start to the season.
Former world No.
The 30-year-old will play unseeded American Christina McHale in round three, after the world No.
Washington (CNN) -- Behind-the-scenes dealing over reviving stalled gun control legislation will get a push next week when Sen.
The 29-year-old Haye is the first British world heavyweight champion since Lennox Lewis retired in 2003.
(CNN) -- Mexico's top security official says the Sinaloa drug cartel was likely behind the kidnapping of a group of four journalists, two of whom were freed in a police rescue.
(CNN) -- Manchester United's Brazilian midfielder Anderson has been involved in a serious car accident in Portugal -- the English Premier League club have reported on their official website.
The 22-year-old spent several hours in hospital after the accident in Braga in the early hours of Sunday morning.
It's part state fair, part rodeo and all American.
Documents obtained by CNN show that Charity Services International, a private South Carolina company, claimed to have shipped nearly $40 million in medicines and other donations on behalf of 15 small charities to Guatemala in 2010.
"Corporate and vacation rentals are homes.
That's not just because alternative accommodations usually come with more space, free Wi-Fi, free laundry facilities and free parking, but doing so helps battle the lonesome blues while offering homey and off-the-beaten-path experiences.
A shared fascination with old buildings brought the photographers together.
In 1990, Thomas was charged with four counts of HIV transmission and two counts of statutory rape, Fisher said.
In the latest incidents, the phrase "Not in our town" was spray-painted on the businesses, police say.
The charges state that Douglas obtained the narcotics both at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan, as well as after he was transferred to a minimum-security jail in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania In court Thursday, he admitted struggling with addictions to heroin, cocaine and alcohol.
Weiland met Wachtel last year while filming music videos for his Christmas album, "The Most Wonderful Time of the Year."
Before diving into the wedding planning, Weiland will hit the road later this month for a five-date solo tour, starting on November 25th in Glenside, Pennsylvania.
KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Four U.S. service members were killed in fighting Tuesday in eastern Afghanistan, the U.S. military said.
Now the world's second-largest economy, and flush with cash, China has built the world's longest high-speed rail network -- boasting more than 8,300 kilometers (5,100 miles) of routes -- in a few short years.
But he didn't veil his take on recent attacks against women here, urging the country away from violence against women and religious minorities.
Brewer, 44, was executed for his involvement in the infamous racially motivated 1998 dragging death of James Byrd Jr.
Obama sent a letter to the heads of the House and Senate on Saturday night, hours after announcing that he believes military action against Syrian targets is the right step to take over the alleged use of chemical weapons.
Castro intends to plead not guilty, his attorneys told CNN affiliate WKYC in an exclusive interview.
Author J.K.
The most vulnerable are children, who have been separated from relatives and are at risk of being recruited as soldiers, it said.
Gen.
Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) made its demand in a statement dated Sunday, said the Washington-based Intelcenter, which monitors Islamist Web sites.
The two men were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in Australia's Northern Territory Tuesday when a crocodile grabbed Jason Grant by the lower right arm, a spokeswoman for the area police told CNN.
From what we've seen, LG is serious about its OLED manufacturing, where it invested $226 million in mid-2010 to create a new production facility, tripling its OLED capacity.
A sudden squall blew the swimmer off course Sunday night, according to posts on Nyad's blog.
Thirty-five passengers were rescued or managed to swim to safety, the newspaper said.
Vidarbha, in the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra, is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis.
Washington (CNN) -- Top U.S. and European leaders called Thursday for Syria's president to step down, significantly ratcheting up international pressure against a regime that has been criticized for its harsh crackdown against anti-government protesters.
The United States is pushing for special session on Syria at the U.N.
Earlier on Sunday, Real Mallorca moved up to fourth place, recording a ninth successive home win with a 2-0 victory over rivals Deportivo La Coruna.
The reporting restrictions were over the coverage of the 15th anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre, in which hundreds of pro-democracy protesters were killed in a government crackdown.
(CNN) -- The wife of Rep.
Korena Roberts, 28, is charged with murder in Snively's death.
The alleged crimes date back to before Liberman became foreign minister in 2009.
World No.
(CNN) -- The recent release of U.S.
Flood waters are receding in Karachi, Pakistan's largest city, where eight people were reported killed.
Despite falling short of her goal, she sailed a total of 12,000 nautical miles and became the youngest person to sail around Cape Horn at the tip of South America.
(CNN) -- Formula One legend Jackie Stewart is recovering in hospital after falling ill whilst flying back from attending the Geneva Motor Show.
It is the first time Iraq's semi-autonomous Kurdish region has officially exported oil out of the country.
Under the arrangement, the Iraqi government will get the bulk of the earnings from Kurdish oil exports, while the Kurdistan Regional Government will be allotted 17 percent of the revenues.
It took seven years and the help of 60 students to build synIII with the help of computer modeling.
A mixed bag then: "The Muppets" isn't the best or the worst of Kermit's big-screen capers.
Piggy, in particular, is a pale shadow of the psychotic diva she used to be -- just don't tell that to Jack Black, the guest star she kidnaps and, uh, hogties when no other celebrity volunteers for the telethon.
One thing led to another, and Behrendt soon joined a mostly female writing team on "Sex and the City."
(CNN)Vice President Joe Biden opened the door Wednesday to a potential presidential primary challenge to former secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary.
(CNN) -- The stepmother of a disabled girl whose remains were found after she went missing in North Carolina has been indicted on a bigamy charge.
Timely Tip: If you need a new car, August is the time to shop -- dealers are eager to make room for next year's models.
Stash your credit cards and live within your means all 31 days of this month.
The World Health Organization has warned that "drastic action" is needed to halt the killer in its tracks.
Many economists are also warning the UK about a potential housing bubble.
Editor's note: The Rev.
LONDON, England -- Scientists in the U.S. are developing a laser gun that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes.
Dr.
Dr.
"You can't use taxpayer money to pay out $18 billion in bonuses," an angry Sen.
"They don't get it.
(CNN)The man identified as the gunman who wounded three people at a Florida State University library mailed 10 packages before the shooting, the U.S.
The IRA admitted in 1999 to killing a number of people who have become known as "The Disappeared" -- those who vanished during the Troubles.
Clay rose to iconic status in the 1980s, selling out hundreds of large arenas -- including New York's Madison Square Garden two consecutive nights in 1990.
Air Force began grounding a third of its fighter jet fleet on Tuesday because of forced spending cuts, one of the most prominent consequences so far of government-wide austerity that began in March.
London (CNN) -- Celebrity publicist Max Clifford was found guilty at a London court Monday of a series of indecent assaults on teenage girls, according to British police.
A classified U.S. intelligence assessment last month identified Luhansk, along with Kharkiv and Dontesk, as possible targets for Russian forces seeking to establish a land bridge to Crimea.
Piotr Stancza was kidnapped September 28 from the city of Attock in Punjab province.
The coordinated 12,000-foot parachute jump, complete with masks resembling the presidential candidates, was performed by Travis Fienhage and Andy Malchiodi, world and U.S. freefly champions from a California parachuting team.
In 2006, Dutt was convicted of illegally possessing an AK-56 rifle and a 9 mm pistol under India's Arms Act.
In his defense, the actor has said the weapons were meant to protect his family.
Halfway through 2008, the number of female suicide bombers is 20.
(CNN) -- Teenage Nigerian weightlifter Augustina Nkem Nwaokolo claimed the first gold medal on day one of the Commonwealth Games in Delhi.
Mercedes pair Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have dominated practice and qualifying in recent races, but were off the pace this time in sixth and seventh place respectively in the afternoon runs.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
(CNN) -- According to the World Health Organization, 800 women die every day from pregnancy and childbirth-related complications.
One blood donation can save the lives of up to three people, and the donation process only takes eight to 10 minutes, according to the American Red Cross.
From Dr.
Globally 1 in 10 people are without safe drinking water, while over a third of the planet (36%) goes without basic sanitation.
A second photographer is also expected to be placed under formal investigation "soon," the spokeswoman said.
The outgoing defense secretary said he had "real reservations" about the intelligence surrounding the raid.
Built by the Portuguese in 1482, Elmina Castle is the oldest remaining slave castle in Africa.
Mufid A.
Susan, aka "Ginormica," has to save the world in "Monsters vs.
Rep.
Smart Business meets Kathryn Parsons, co-founder of Decoded -- a company that teaches people how to code in just one day.
The ruling means that Vince Weiguang Li will be hospitalized at a psychiatric facility until he undergoes a review by Manitoba's Criminal Code Review Board in 90 days, CBC said.
Google has recently been inconsistent about its definition of "open" when it comes to web video technology, too.
(CNN) -- Australia's iconic Tasmanian devil -- widely known as trouble in Looney Tunes cartoons -- has been put on the country's endangered list, environmental officials announced Friday.
(CNN) -- Robert Downey Jr. is once again the most highly paid actor in Hollywood, according to Forbes magazine.
The Coast Guard plucked the actor and his friend from the waters off New York's Long Island after the pair lost their way while kayaking.
A U.S.
Maybe, says Dr.
Sen.
Since January, more than 13,000 people have died of complications from seasonal flu, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's weekly report on the causes of death in the nation.
"The meeting with Mr.
(CNN) -- UEFA have announced the seeds for the Euro 2012 playoffs, after the final round of qualifying matches were completed on Tuesday.
The One World Trade Center is now 100 stories high, stretching just over 1,244 feet and just 6 feet shy of the Empire State Building (without its antenna), according to Steve Coleman, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
An estimated 16% of U.S. adults are infected with herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2), which can cause bumps, blisters, or sores on the genitals and surrounding areas, along with pain and itching.
The mustard gas is not weaponized and would be difficult to use in any immediate attack.
Washington (CNN) -- Sen.
The Beijing branch is H&M's tenth store in mainland China, after opening in Shanghai, Nanjing, Changzhou, Shenzhen and Wuxi.
And, Estee Lauder's Clinique is trying to reach China's 300 million netizens via the Internet with "Sufei's Diary."
Have kids?
"That was the biggest hit the Dolphins had all night," quipped one commenter on CNN affiliate WPLG-TV's website.
The ad rocketed to viral status on Sunday when it was shown at commercial breaks during the NFL playoff games.
Hara has been mulling over the idea of designer doghouses for around 15 years, and the project finally caught the attention of American investors at Imprint Venture Lab.
(CNN) -- India will seek to become the No.
Just one day after Gen.
Freediving has a long history in the UAE, going back to the old days of pearl diving, a one-time traditional livelihood.
The U.S. wants to discourage additional taxes, which officials fear will stunt consumer demand.
(CNN) -- Sen.
He rolls deepest on the gospel-powered "Stay With Me" -- a spare track with a simple arrangement that matches its bare plea -- and "Like I Can," a blissful groove that packs a Seventies rock-radio punch.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
A mistrial was declared in Spector's first trial in September 2007.
Sri Sathya Sai Baba was hospitalized last month in his southern India hometown of n Puttaparthi.
Tuesday's hearing, called by Sen.
Up to 10 military planes, two civil aircraft and 13 ships will assist in Sunday's search for the airline.
State Department is calling a "historic step," the U.N.
In an exclusive CNN interview, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov acknowledged the conflict may have isolated Moscow from the international community.
The group attacked the construction site in a remote area Saturday and destroyed equipment, said Alsawarmi Khalid, spokesman for the Sudanese armed forces.
Samantha Orobator "is facing death by firing squad for drug trafficking," said Clare Algar, executive director of Reprieve, a London-based human rights group.
International organizations estimate that North Korea holds about 200,000 political prisoners.
John Bankhead, a GBI spokesman, said Hood has asked negotiators to bring his mother to the scene.
Henderson cites The Lord's Prayer in the sixth chapter of the book of Matthew as the blueprint for Christians, containing what could be called the four Rs of prayer.
Moore criticized a report Gupta did on CNN Monday on "Sicko."
Adm.
Army Gen.
(CNN) -- A "suspicious" fire devastated the church attended by Alaska Gov. and former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin on Friday night in her hometown of Wasilla, the church's minister said.
"She told me she had used the phrase before but that she would not be using it again," said Sen.
The bill originally failed to gain approval because of a Democratic filibuster led by state Sen.
Pedro Segovia said his brother is tough and untouched by how close he came to dying in the dark recesses of the earth.
Republican Sen.
Powell snatched the children from a social worker delivering them for a supervised visit, locked the doors and hacked them with a hatchet before an explosion engulfed his home February 5.
One person was taken to a hospital for evaluation after complaining of dizziness, Piringer said.
New York (CNN) -- When Dr.
Bottom line: Marrakech is not for the timid traveler.
The Rangers arrived unannounced early Wednesday morning, arrested five men and sealed off the party's headquarter for four hours.
MQM is based in Karachi and is one of Pakistan's largest political parties.
"This is how you are brought up since birth.
Despite their differences, Obama and Netanyahu agree on numerous key issues, such as U.S. military and financial support for Israel.
Little Rock, Arkansas, for example, has a 70% chance of severe thunderstorms Sunday night, with 1 to 2 inches of rain possible, according to the National Weather Service.
While all of this may seem weird/creepy/slightly sad to anyone who didn't grow up a digital native, consider this: Americans now spend about a quarter of their online time using social networks.
(CNN) -- Hillsborough County, Florida, Deputy Kenneth Moon was alone at his station at a county jail facility near Tampa when an inmate attacked him with no warning.
"At least I'm still alive.
Saturday's seventh stage to Station des Rousses sees the race hit the medium mountains and will see some of leading contenders for overall success come to the fore.
The U.N.
Sen.
On Tuesday, Biden assured Japanese leaders that he would press China over the issue.
In 1994, Hutu extremists in Rwanda targeted minority ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus in a three-month killing spree that left an estimated 800,000 people dead.
Read was portrayed by Eric Bana in the 2000 film based on his exploits "Chopper," and his autobiographical books have remained among Australia's best-selling true crime titles.
The PackBot is an agile, battle-tested unit that's been used for bomb dispersal, recon and other tactical operations.
One of 36 companies that now sponsor Manchester United, Aon will sign an eight-year contract to brand the club's training kit and attach its name to United's Carrington training ground.
For the 2011/2012 season, United increased revenues by £14.2 million to £117.6 million, the highest of any club in the Premier League, and have sponsorship deals with companies from Indonesian tyremakers to China Construction Bank.
Theodora Richards, 25, was also slapped with drug charges after police found her carrying marijuana while writing "T (heart) A" with a paint marker in the city's Soho district, said a New York Police Department spokeswoman who declined to be named.
"At T.J.
Suarez now has 19 league goals this season -- despite missing the first six matches of the campaign due to a ban.
Lopez served as an "Idol" mentor on Latin night during the show's sixth season, garnering generally positive reviews for her warm, candid style, and her ability to extract a not entirely terrible performance of "Bésame Mucho" from widely maligned contestant Sanjaya Malakar.
A Fox spokesperson declined to comment on the reported deal with Lopez.
He was arrested November 23 after being caught with 2.16 grams of the drug at the airport, the BBC spokesman said.
Kashmir has been a source of bitter dispute between India and Pakistan since the independence of both nations in 1947.
(CNN) -- The Rev.
(CNN) -- Like the six other former captives who have been through the Army's reintegration program at Brooke Army Medical Center before him, daily life for Sgt.
New York (CNN) -- Jean S.
The movie has potent sequences of aerial combat that recall Tom Cruise and his flyboys bombarding evil out of the air.
Authorities have reported similar incidents in New Jersey, New York, Illinois and Missouri.
Amine El Khalifi made a brief appearance in federal court and waived his right to have a preliminary hearing and to contest his detention.
El Khalifi was arrested on Friday as the result of an FBI sting operation.
The CDC issued a travel health warning about Mexico on Monday, and the U.S.
The CDC issued a travel health warning about Mexico on Monday, and the U.S.
KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Two NATO-led soldiers were killed and six wounded in an attack in a U.S. base in eastern Afghanistan early Sunday, officials said.
(CNN) -- Author R.L.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr.
Seyyed Ali Moussavi's body was delivered to his family early Wednesday and buried at Tehran's Behesht-e-Zahra cemetery around 10:30 a.m.
The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone.
Investigators are not ruling out any possible motives -- political, personal or criminal -- in her killing, the state's deputy attorney general, Marco Aguilera, told CNN.
Gibbs' comments also come the same day Mrs.
Reagan is slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of President Reagan on Wednesday morning at the Capitol and then share a private White House lunch with first lady Michelle Obama.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- More than any other Republican lawmaker, Sen.
BALTIMORE, Maryland (CNN) -- Dr.
The crash also injured people on the ground, including employees at a glass factory, FARS said.
In the 10-year plan, TEPCO has vowed to cut 3.3 trillion yen in costs and turn a profit by March 2014.
A success story like Guinness in Nigeria highlights the potential for trade and foreign investment in Africa that U.S.
Instead, he returned home with an offer of talks for the U.S. government.
After his talk, he said that GE is developing technology to recycle the solar cell material, as cadmium is a very toxic if it enters the environment.
Two spotted leopards, two Macaque monkeys and a brown bear will be returned to Marian Thompson, widow of farmer Terry Thompson.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- The remains of two U.S.
If coffee shops define a good college town, Berkeley has the competition beat.
Terry J.
Police in the town of Grenchen uncovered the pigs Friday after they received an anonymous message claiming that someone had buried the body parts and spilled 120 liters of blood from the animals in an effort to desecrate the ground to halt the construction of the mosque.
Oberstar was elected in 1974 as a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, known as DFL, and held his seat from 1975 to 2011.
Embraer, founded over 40 years ago, is also looking to make inroads into the U.S. defense market.
Frederico Curado, head of Embraer, told CNN the company had combined "the best of both worlds" to create a very "sex appealing" line in executive jets.
Embraer, founded over 40 years ago, is also looking to make inroads into the U.S. defense market.
The Benghazi Local Council said it holds the government and the Interior Ministry responsible for what it described as the "dire situation" that has "plagued" the city for a while with the lack of security highlighted by killings and bombings.
The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule.
The bio has disappeared from IMDB, but Uproxx has a screenshot, where it's credited to Jon C.
(CNN) -- A federal appeals court Thursday allowed four states to prohibit same-sex unions -- a decision that could force the U.S.
She had been admitted two days earlier after suffering a stroke.
The NYPD later said the surveillance never produced a lead that linked to a potential terrorist plot.
The steamroller was shipped in from China, police said, and was tracked down at a storage unit in northern Sydney amid a series of searches.
The U.S.
Closed-circuit television footage obtained by CNN provides the chilling new details of what happened during the attack last month.
They bowed down in Islamic prayer, taking a break from incessant gunfire.
That brings the death toll to 50 in two years, and Lt.
GIS Day grew out of Geography Awareness Week, an annual campaign launched in 1987 by the National Geographic Society to promote geo-literacy and draw attention to "the importance of geographic understanding in ensuring our nation's economic competitiveness, national security, environmental sustainability, and the livability of our communities in the 21st century."
Speaking of Velez, who has made it a point to show off his Spanish skills during his performances thus far, he's going to skip the Spanish twist next week in an effort to keep his offerings fresh.
His family said he was arrested in August while visiting his grandmother and other relatives in Iran and that his statement had to have been coerced.
Abu Dhabi (CNN) -- For most people working in the United Arab Emirates, the holy month of Ramadan is a restful time.
Extend the life of your blush and eyeshadow by dusting translucent powder over your face and lids first.
Apply liner on the move: Add a swipe of eyeliner across your upper lashes to define and perk up tired eyes.
Spain defeat U.S. to reach Davis Cup final
The driver stabbed himself twice after the incident, but is expected to survive, said Pierre-Henry Brandet, a spokesman for France's Interior Ministry.
Democrats who support same-sex marriage are now playing on increasingly friendly political turf, a circumstance that prompted a raft of Democratic senators to reverse their positions on the issue earlier this year in quick succession.
The political fight over marriage is felt most acutely, perhaps, in Iowa, where three state Supreme Court judges were removed from the bench in 2010 in a recall election after they ruled in favor of same-sex marriage in the state.
To reduce these public health concerns, the American Academy of Pediatrics policy statement recommends that schools start no earlier than 8:30 a.m.
Pvt.
The album's first single "Longing to Belong" will be available in digital stores tomorrow.
"Water on the Road," Vedder's first solo concert film, was directed by Brendan Canty of Fugazi and Christoph Green at a pair of shows in Washington, D.C. in August of 2008.
He could receive up to 22 years in prison on the murder charge alone.
The protesters say they plan to wear bright pink clothes, carry banners and recite anti-drone chants.
The drone strike program in Pakistan has long been controversial, with conflicting reports on its impact from the U.S. government, Pakistani officials and independent organizations.
Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15 in their most audacious hijacking to date.
Authorities urged motorists in north-central and northeast Iowa to stay off roads because of poor visibility caused by blowing snow.
In 2004, text messaging was the primary mobile tool for protest coordination.
Left off the list, meanwhile, were "Drive," "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close," and most interestingly, "The Tree of Life."
He will also meet with some of the 28,500 U.S. troops stationed in South Korea, two of his top national security advisers said Tuesday during a conference call.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal investigators Tuesday blamed the pilot of a Southwest Airlines jet for causing the plane to skid off a runway at Chicago's Midway Airport in 2005, an accident that killed a 6-year-old boy.
Countrywide CEO Angelo Mozilo is set to receive $10 million in stock, and President David Sambol will get about $9 million, according to documents Bank of America filed this week with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Dr.
President Barack Obama has announced he will visit the area on April 22, the one month anniversary of the slide, and meet with search crews.
On the morning of Eid, Muslims don new clothes and head to prayers that are often held in open fields to accommodate crowds too big to contain in mosques.
The issue of Israeli settlements derailed the last round of direct talks in 2010, and critics of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu say building on disputed territory could derail the new talks.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Broadening the number of health care professionals who can administer vaccine, New York Gov.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's dermatologist did not rule out that he may be the biological father of Jackson's children, and Dr.
"It is critical this study is funded and that work begins immediately," wrote Gov.
The EU naval force will take over the role of escorting United Nations World Food Program vessels carrying food and relief supplies to war-torn Somalia, an EU news release said.
And if you're in a relationship right now, don't rest on your laurels quite yet: Breakups spike right after Cupid's big day, according to unofficial Facebook data, so you just might be back on the market soon.
The Moth has grown into a nonprofit with professional staff that runs storytelling events and competitions in New York, Los Angeles, Detroit and Chicago (with more cities to come) as well as storytelling training for corporations and high schools and community centers in underserved neighborhoods.
World No.
(Rolling Stone) -- Mumford & Sons confirmed that their second album will released on September 24 in an interview conducted by 3FM backstage at the Pinkpop festival in the Netherlands yesterday.
"We finished the record this week," says multi-instrumentalist Ben Lovett.
Lovett says that the band's new album will not be tremendously different from their hit debut "Sigh No More."
Hours before, Clippers owner Donald Sterling had been banned for life from the NBA for racist remarks revealed over the weekend.
Knife crime in Britain is a political hot topic due to a spate of recent killings of mainly young people in major cities.
That authority lies only with the U.N.
The use of humor for a long time reflected official government policy that also scorned foreigners and Aborigines.
Connick's homeland America, is itself not free of racial issues, but in this case it took an American to tell those Australians who still find such offensive skits funny: "The Joke is on you!"
Ted Kennedy was the unanimous selection of the committee that decides the award this year, the first time he has been eligible, according to the John F.
London (CNN) -- Andrei Filatov, chess expert and Russian billionaire, is turning his hand to a new business: Soviet-era art.
Doctors and a judge have declared her brain dead and said there's no chance Jahi will come back to life.
Solange Knowles, Jay Z and his wife, Beyonce, have released a statement about surveillance video originally posted by TMZ showing Solange, the younger sister of Beyonce, hitting and kicking her brother-in-law.
The new rule sets a 10-hour minimum rest period prior to a flight duty period, a two-hour increase over the old rules.
Both partners are betting it will add generously to the 13 million or so jobs that depend on transatlantic trade, whilst boosting investment in key sectors starved of cash during the global financial crisis.
The U.S.
Rep.
Washington (CNN) -- The new Army chief of staff, Gen.
Iran -- whose regime exists as an explicitly Shiite Muslim leadership -- may find it politically and culturally difficult to put a lid on the marking of Ashura this year.
"That was the toughest thing I'll ever do," Brolin tells EW.
"The ambiance that Tommy creates on a set is just unparalleled," Brolin says, laughing.
Washington (CNN)An off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service was arrested Friday in Washington and charged with first-degree attempted burglary, a felony, and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property, the D.C.
Most of the reports mentioning the specific type of MANPADs refer to older, less sophisticated missiles of Chinese or Soviet design.
The documents said police believe that Carson was subjected to a sexual assault "of an unknown nature," and they asked for a search warrant to collect DNA swabs from the suspects.
(CNN) -- Representing "a new kind of authentic action genre," according to co-director Mike "Mouse" McCoy, or if you prefer, the same old, same old wearing a bright, shining sales gimmick, "Act of Valor" is the latest co-production between Hollywood and the U.S. military.
Whatever you make of its reactionary politics, at least the action scenes are choreographed and filmed by Shane Hurlbut with a level of coherence that's become rare in this genre -- even if the elaborate raids and skirmishes look more like a series of war games than actual combat.
(CNET) -- Amazon plans to unveil a thinner Kindle with a sharper picture in August, according to a Bloomberg News report on Saturday citing anonymous sources.
Visible protective netting has been in place since the November 2005 incident, when either one or two sections of marble totaling about 80 pounds fell onto the plaza below fell onto the plaza below.
LONDON, England -- A huge crowd gathered in London, UK on Friday for a mass "moonwalk" -- paying tribute to Michael Jackson by dancing to his most iconic songs and replicating his famous walk.
His request seems reasonable -- send a few dollars to help St.
Robert A.
(CNN) -- Martin Scorsese's "Hugo" has more nominations, and among the nine contenders for best picture, only "The Tree of Life" has made less money at the box office, but ever since the New York Film Critics Circle named a black and white French silent film the best picture of the year back in November, "The Artist" has been the unlikely frontrunner in the Academy Awards race.
"The Help" star Viola Davis is the red-hot favorite in that race, which would extend Meryl Streep's losing streak to an unlucky 13 nominations since her 1983 win for "Sophie's Choice."
All of which could make Sunday's ceremony the most predictable -- and anti-climactic -- Academy Awards in recent memory.
(CNN) -- Hunger isn't glamorous, but Michael Kors and Halle Berry are using the power of fashion and Hollywood to help the U.N.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
Their goal is to pressure China into giving the former British colony full universal suffrage.
Spain is plagued by forest and brush fires every summer, when extremely dry weather sets in along with high temperatures.
(CNN) -- Keegan Bradley beat fellow American Jason Dufner in a three-hole playoff to win the U.S.
Though not huge in number, their opinions and actions are adding to the debate inside Israel - a discourse these young Israelis hope will lead to a more open society.
The result left Chile top of Group C, after they came from behind to defeat Gold Cup winners Mexico 2-1.
The boy's mother -- Julia Bennett, 33 -- was shot once in the back and died from the injury, said Miramar Police spokeswoman Tania Rues.
Hundreds of police and private security guards filled the park and the surrounding area Tuesday, as demonstrators circled their former home base.
At Cambodia's request, the United States recently filed suit in U.S.
The service is partially a response to the closure of all bridges from Virginia to D.C. on Inauguration Day, a measure that prompted an uproar among Virginia residents.
Kurdistan Gas City will include industrial, residential and commercial buildings in an integrated city.
Zabih al-Taifi was arrested in a village near Peshawar on Wednesday as part of ongoing security operations in the area, police and intelligence officials told CNN.
A handful of publishers already have struck content deals with Apple for the handheld wireless device, which displays text, photos and graphics in high-res color.
Newspapers and magazine publishers have suffered financially in recent years as readers have migrated to the Web and the growth of online advertising has failed to make up for the loss of print ad revenue.
Gov.
The shooting at Collum is the latest in a string of attacks between Zambian workers and Chinese managers at the coal mine.
Theresa Parker was last seen leaving her sister's house on March 21, 2007, the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said.
In Afghanistan, two rounds of "indirect fire" hit the U.S.
One of the men charged is Duncan Larcombe, royal editor at The Sun, Britain's best-selling tabloid and part of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.
Prisoners reportedly set fire to their mattresses to protest cramped and unsuitable living conditions.
While in prison, Mandela became recognized as the most significant black leader in South Africa, and he became a potent symbol of resistance in the anti-apartheid movement.
Barack Obama apparently met their father once because his parents got divorced soon after he was born.
Berg was nominated by President Obama to the U.S.
Six suspected militants were killed in a drone strike in Miranshah Tehsil in North Waziristan, Pakistan, local tribesmen and Pakistani intelligence sources not authorized to speak to media told CNN on Wednesday.
Some Facebook commenters have also pointed out the perhaps misdirected effort, posting messages skeptical of any tangible outcomes.
In 2004 their son, Marine Lance Cpl.
In Riau Province alone, where the highest number of elephants on the island was recorded in the 1980s, the population decreased from 1,342 in 1984 to 201 in 2007.
The variety and vibrancy of the American greeting is unrivaled, upholding a threshold of friendliness that Americans demand, Europeans find onerous and others find perplexing.
If we're talking about something that can be done while seated, Americans are probably going to excel at it.
Police said Muslims were enraged over an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran at a Christian wedding last Saturday, and held a rally to protest.
(RollingStone.com) -- At her MDNA tour stop in St.
The Asian leg of Obama's trip follows two days in Australia, where he declared that the United States will increase its military presence and expand its role in shaping the Asia-Pacific region.
Only women were given food coupons beforehand and allowed to stand in line to collect for their families.
Bosnian Serb president Radovan Karadzic is now on trial at the tribunal in The Hague.
One of the gurus, a 57-year-old Sikh preacher, was killed.
World No.
Reps.
In March, Gov.
The subtler joke being that Harold and Kumar's own ethnicity is invisible -- except to the occasional bigots they encounter.
But the ex-best friends are reunited in a typically quixotic quest to get their hands on a 12-foot Christmas tree before Midnight Mass comes out.
ISTANBUL, Turkey (CNN) -- More than 80 years after his family was ordered from the country, the grandson of one of the last Ottoman sultans was buried Saturday as hundreds of admirers looked on.
About 100 investigators from North and South Carolina were working the case, Blanton said.
The band's website says Linkin Park's next scheduled show is Friday in Uncasville, Connecticut, at the Mohegan Sun Resort and Casino.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eduardo J.
Perhaps the greatest challenge facing a potential Romney administration would be the nation's mounting debt.
(CNN) -- Sen.
The FDA has set the recommended daily maximum for adults at 4,000 milligrams.
The day she died, she posted a picture of her breakfast to the Chinese social media website Weibo -- bread and a bowl of fruit.
INDIAN WELLS, California (CNET) -- -- Billionaire and clean-energy proponent T.
Abbas and Netanyahu are scheduled for a meeting Tuesday in Egypt, where U.S.
There are plenty of ways to get the salary you deserve without lying on a job application.
Rep.
Saliva spreads molecules to the taste receptors on the tongue so you can tell whether something is salty, sour, sweet or spicy, Dominy said.
The Saudi Interior Ministry said Ahmed Al-Shamlani Al-Anzi was sentenced to death and then "crucifixion" -- having his body displayed in public -- for the kidnapping and killing of an 11-year-old boy and for the killing of the boy's father, according to the official Saudi Press Agency.
The Center for Reproductive Rights said it had filed a lawsuit challenging the new law after Tuesday's Senate vote.
Pelosi is easy to spot in any crowd of U.S.
Delta Air Lines and United Airlines are keeping their current bereavement policies in place.
The world No.
Comedian Kevin Hart will be the first to voice turn-by-turn directions in the app.
Guaira Falls was easily the most powerful cataract in the world in terms of total volume with 1,750,000 cubic feet of water passing through each second.
The Warner Bros. production has earned a $35 million incentive for the $131 million it's projected to rack up in in-state expenses.
Nobody wants to squabble on a holiday, but some family feuds are inevitable.
"Sharknado 2: The Second One" debuts Wednesday on the Syfy network, and many fans are anxious to see if it has teeth.
Mexican officials also condemned the shootings, saying the implications could be grim.
Washington (CNN) -- The FBI said Friday it will respond to questions from Congress on the use of FBI aircraft amid allegations that Attorney General Eric Holder is among officials who "may have used FBI planes for his own travel when aircraft were needed for FBI operations."
In a letter sent to members of the Republican Caucus, Indiana state Rep.
Max had to be helicoptered to Regions Hospital in St.
"This is a victory for all the people of Panama," Martinelli said.
The protest sites will be closed between the hours of 8 a.m. and 8 p.m.
Gaby Lasky, a lawyer representing village residents, said the military order is illegal and argued that "closed military zone orders are not meant to deal with demonstrations, which are clearly in the civic rather than the military realm."
"She just placed a single case on hold.
Jeanne A.
Dreamworks Animation's juggernaut "Monsters vs.
Psychedelic Pill is Young's second album of 2012 with the Horse, his perfectly unpolished garage band of 43 years, and it has the roiling honesty and brutal exuberance of their best records together.
For most of its near-90 minutes, Psychedelic Pill is an infuriated trip: long tracks of barbed-guitar jamming and often surrealistic ire ("Gonna get me a hip-hop haircut," he sneers, to no apparent sense, in "Driftin' Back") interrupted by short bursts of warming bliss.
The 3-D centerfold will appear in the June issue, which hits newsstands this Friday.
The subject of the photos is 51st Playmate of the Year Hope Dworaczyk.
Over on NBC, a preview of the new White House comedy "1600 Penn" performed somewhat modestly given its big lead-in from "The Voice."
Also Monday: CBS was the top network for the second Monday in a row, with "How I Met Your Mother" and "Mike & Molly" posting slight gains, while "2 Broke Girls" slipped due to "The Voice" expanding into the 9 p.m.
The 16-second clip features NASCAR racer Brad Keselowski seated in his car and taking a picture of the scene with his iPhone.
(CNN) -- The United Nations has sent police and military patrols to a camp in western Sudan after reports fighting there killed civilians, a U.N. spokesman said Tuesday.
Speedtest.net's nationwide results back my verdict: You should get a Verizon iPhone if you really care about voice quality and calls, but the AT&T iPhone is better as a media-consumption device (Netflix movies, photo downloads and uploads, etc.) because of its faster speeds.
Speedtest.net's nationwide results back my verdict: You should get a Verizon iPhone if you really care about voice quality and calls, but the AT&T iPhone is better as a media-consumption device (Netflix movies, photo downloads and uploads, etc.) because of its faster speeds.
Even in the largest city, Yangon, only two-thirds of the population is connected to the grid.
Myanmar's new policy, the government says, is to keep it at home.
Enough to using Texas as a political laboratory for testing far-right ideas.
In southwest Austin, 10 homes suffered major damage and six suffered minor damage in a 100-acre area, said Matt Curtis, a spokesman for Mayor Lee Leffingwell.
Global production of helium -- used in industrial and medical applications, as well as balloons -- has sharply fallen this year in the US and Algeria, the two biggest exporters.
Around one in four people in the West African country carries the sickle cell gene -- around 40 million people -- and virtually everyone has lost a relative or a close friend to the disease.
TWC had mounted an aggressive effort to persuade the MPAA to reverse its initial ratings verdict.
"Bully," which tells the stories of several children who were victimized by classmates, will be released in theaters on Friday, March 30, at the Angelika Film Center and AMC Lincoln Square in New York and at the Landmark, ArcLight Hollywood, and AMC Century City in Los Angeles.
Bhutto wrote the e-mail on October 26, eight days after at least 130 people were killed and hundreds more wounded in Karachi by the suicide bombing that occurred as Bhutto's motorcade passed.
Bhutto was concerned the problem was worsening as the January elections neared, Siegel said.
The man who smuggled a bomb in his underwear aboard a commercial airliner on Christmas Day in 2009 has been sentenced to life in prison, months after he pleaded guilty for his role in what officials later determined was an al Qaeda plot.
"The Price is Right" may be famous for Bob Barker (and now Drew Carey)'s lovely ladies, but now "The Price is Right" is holding a contest to find its first male model.
Viewers will pick the ultimate winner by voting online through October 4 at Priceisright.com.
The results are based on a national telephone survey of more than 78,000 parents of children ages 3 to 17.iReport.com: How has autism affected your family?
(CNN) -- The luck of the Irish may not be enough to push ahead special legislation introduced by Sen.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rep.
The U.S. market is "more challenging than in China because we have to rely on somebody else's ecosystem.
"They're starting to take those next steps into adulthood," says MTV's executive VP of programming and head of production, Chris Linn, giving the network's first interview about the sixth season of the reality megahit.
Last week, the cast reunited in Seaside Heights after an 11-month hiatus.
Passengers onboard the aircraft describe the engines spooling up and the nose tilting up just before impact, and a preliminary review of the flight data and cockpit voice recorders appear to show the pilots attempted to abort the landing 1.5 seconds before impact.
China's march into space underscores the country's growing financial and military clout and has unsettled some Western observers.
(EW.com) -- Those Jack Bauer fans just won't give up: The infamous character from Fox's long-running drama "24" was a big trending topic on Twitter late Sunday in light of the Osama Bin Laden news -- no doubt because many were thinking (hoping?) a Bauer-like embed was responsible for the "actionable intelligence" that led to President Obama's press conference.
Due to hit bookshelves May 4 but purchased by CNN at a Washington-area bookstore, Mrs.
He said that more than 200 cars were washed into the Sea of Marmara and 800 homes and businesses were flooded in the neighboring town of Selimpasa.
The online contest's goal is to promote the United Nations Foundation's missions and drum up support for international activism and the U.N. itself.
Rivers went up against poker champion Annie Duke in Sunday night's finale in which both women were charged with planning a VIP party and silent auction for the last and deciding task.
• "Teratoma" comes from the Greek word "teraton," meaning "monster".
(CNN) -- Ryder Cup hero Graeme McDowell has revealed he will join the U.S.
The teenager kept her ordeal secret for 10 days before her mother noticed something was wrong.
It has teetered on the edge of defaulting on its debts and the population is resentful of the austerity measures introduced so far.
Washington (CNN) -- Republican Ed Gillespie conceded the Virginia Senate race Friday to incumbent Democratic Sen.
Attorney General Eric Holder had named Breuer to oversee the Deepwater Horizon Task Force in 2010.
World No.
Worldwide: One in three women worldwide has experienced sexual abuse or violence; 150 million girls under the age of 18 have been sexually assaulted.
In all, 20 people had jumped into the water off the coast of Sicily from a boat carrying 98 migrants, spokesman Giovanni Mazziano said.
The boat was carrying people from areas of unrest in the Middle East, among them Palestinians, Syrians and Egyptians.
Bush issued commutations for both men during his final days in office last month.
Border Patrol agents -- whose cases became flashpoints in the controversy over border security -- were released early from prison Tuesday, one of their attorneys and a congressman said.
Japan is now advising against prescribing Tamiflu to youngsters aged 10 to 19 after its own studies revealed people reporting psychiatric symptoms, according to media reports.
People who want insurance by January 1 need to sign up by December 15.
In a parallel universe, "Mars Needs Moms" is a great, jaunty adventure about an unruly kid named Milo (Seth Green, the right guy for the job) who had no plans to go to Mars but finds himself there anyway.
(CNN) -- The U.S.
Ko said that Hong Kong had raised its level of preparedness for an influenza pandemic to "serious."
Human infections from the H7N9 strain of bird flu first emerged in Shanghai in March this year and within weeks more than 100 cases were confirmed, according to the World Health Organization.
Karzai made the comments when he met with a U.S. congressional delegation in Kabul on Sunday evening, the statement said.
In recent years, the Iraqi authorities have reopened Babylon to tourists, hoping that one day the site will draw visitors from all over the globe.
A total of 933 pounds of methamphetamine with an estimated street value of $44,641,000 was recovered during the raid Monday afternoon, officials said.
(Rolling Stone) -- Despite a flurry of Top 10 debuts, Eminem's "Recovery" sold another 116,000 copies to claim No.
Recovery now has the most weeks at No.
album charts, Iron Maiden scored their best-ever chart performance as "The Final Frontier" came in at No.
Bombings account for many of the deaths, but U.N. officials warn that they're seeing a surge in execution-style killings that "have been carried out in a particularly horrendous and unspeakable manner," said Nickolay Mladenov, the special representative of the U.N.
Growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010, if the global economy experiences a mild recovery next year, the report says.
In other words, "Tower Heist" is the cinematic version of a Trump property: overblinged, eye-catching, and essentially tacky.
iReport.com: Do you still smoke?
"Talent" judge Amanda Holden and Dr.
The weapons were found in a shipping container in Dubai's port.
Like a number of nations in the Middle East and North Africa, Yemen has experienced growing unrest.
Carbon trading is said to be one way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
The exact date of the festival is based on the alignment of the moon, the stars and the planets.
The festival is driving up sales in India's jewelry shops, one merchant said.
"I'm not alone.
Democratic Rep.
President Barack Obama has nominated Gen.
Over the past three years a drought has affected large swaths of the country, and conflicts over water usage may become commonplace in the future, climatologists say.
Under court order, the Justice Department turned over nearly 65,000 pages of documents Monday night pertaining to the botched Fast and Furious gun operation.
Rep.
$250 million fantasy prequel was held out of the top spot from Tuesday until Thursday by "Les Miserables," but over the traditional weekend frame "Hobbit" dipped only 11 percent to bring in $32.9 million, and its domestic total now stands tall at $222.7 million.
Paramount's $60 million Tom Cruise thriller "Jack Reacher" rounded out the Top 5 with $14.0 million, marking a 10 percent drop from its inauspicious debut.
School meals will have to offer fruits and vegetables to students every day under standards issued by the United States Department of Agriculture on Wednesday.
Globally, 5 million young people between the ages of 15 and 24 are living with HIV.
But when you're having this much fun, why quibble?
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
But the Kremlin has staunchly denied accusations that it's targeting political opponents or had anything to do with the deaths.
Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15 in their most audacious hijacking to date.
And companies to do it all the time -- indeed, it seems a matter of course for U.S. airlines.
The Pacific Adventurer sustained damage early Wednesday when Cyclone Hamish struck the waters of eastern Australia with more than 125 kph (77 mph) winds.
Puerto Ricans have a higher rate of alcohol abuse than other Latinos, says Dr.
ISIS was expelled from al Qaeda in February after rejecting al-Zawahiri's demand that it restrict its activities to Iraq.
There are still plenty of places where al Qaeda supporters are active and their operations growing: eastern Libya, Syria and the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt, where they have found breathing space amid a collapse of state authority.
His trial is set for early November, with the government seeking the death penalty.
(CNN) -- Rory Fallon scored the only goal of the game to help New Zealand qualify for the World Cup for the first time since 1982 as they ran out 1-0 winners in their playoff with Bahrain.
Christie's called the Crosby Garrett helmet -- so named for the village where it was found, about 45 miles south of the Scottish border -- an "extraordinary example of Roman metalwork at its zenith" and said it dates to the late 1st to 2nd century A.D.
The HP Slate 500 Tablet PC is just that, a PC.
Obama says U.S.
If convicted on all counts, Edwards could face 30 years in prison and a fine of up to $1.5 million.
Rockefeller, 65, was the only one aboard the Piper PA-46-500TP Meridian aircraft when it crashed at 8:08 a.m.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- The militants behind Wednesday's deadly strike on a Pakistani marketplace that killed at least 90 people -- most of them women -- are "on the losing side of history," U.S.
The listeria outbreak is the deadliest food-borne illness outbreak in the United States since 1998.
Do you have important news?
Turkish television showed footage of gendarme officers raiding the villa and detaining a suspect earlier this week.
(CNN) -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher will retire from Formula One at the end of the season.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Closing arguments are set for Wednesday in the trial of Mexican soap opera actress Fernanda Romero on federal charges that her marriage was an illegal sham intended only to earn her a U.S. work permit.
(CNN) -- Virginia Gov.
(CNN) -- Shares of scandal-plagued Olympus rallied after three board members of the Japanese camera maker quit ahead of today's meeting with a company ex-CEO turned whistleblower.
Shares soared as much as 25% in early trade Friday after former Chairman Tsuyoshi Kikukawa, former executive Vice President Hisashi Mori and Auditor Hideo Yamada quit.
The report released Wednesday by the Pima County Medical Examiner's office determined Nicholas J.
Plus, "they're just attractive to look at," says Dr.
Kandel won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work with Aplysia -- or more specifically, for his work on the biological mechanisms of memory storage.
Many contacts' addresses were missing or were vague like "down by the farm road."
Rogers is a known critic of the U.S.
Al-Douri's 30-minute recorded message was broadcast Wednesday on al-Raei Iraqi satellite television over an old picture of al-Douri, wearing his Iraqi military uniform.
CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice on the tape.
The U.S. military says he has helped finance the insurgency against U.S. troops in Iraq with Iraqi funds he transferred to Syria before Hussein's government collapsed in April 2002.
Myra Lewis was reported missing by her family on March 1 after playing with her sister outside their home in Camden, the FBI said.
Despite the perils of a long commute, most people in the United States drive to work, according to the American Community Survey (PDF).
Joplin's public school district has canceled classes for the rest of the year.
(CNN) -- Sen.
An indictment unsealed in Hawaii on Thursday accuses employees of a California-based company of luring about 400 people from Thailand with false promises of lucrative jobs.
The president's approval rating stood at 64 percent in a CNN poll of polls in January shortly after his inauguration.
The most recent edition of the CNN poll of polls is an average of seven national surveys taken over the past week: CNN/Opinion Research Corp.
He was an electronics specialist who trained in al Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and had a $10 million bounty on his head, according to the U.S.
In 2009 and 2010, the Obama administration pushed to eliminate the federal guaranteed student loan program, which subsidized student loans issued through private lenders.
In the days since murmurs of a fruitful end to the negotiations began to circulate, Egypt has reiterated its commitment to honoring its accords with Israel.
Anyone who violates the new rules will have their account suspended until they delete the offending Vine.
And Obama last week named tennis great Billie Jean King, who is gay, to the U.S.
The fifth-season debut of AMC's "Mad Men" delivered 3.5 million viewers for its two-hour premiere.
That's up 21 percent from 2010â€²s fourth-season premiere, which marked the show's previous all-time high.
"Mad Men's" production was delayed due to a protracted renewal negotiation between the show's creator Matthew Weiner, studio Lionsgate and network AMC.
The winners are Eric Betzig, Stefan W.
(CNN) -- English club Liverpool qualified for the knockout stages of Europe's second-tier Europa League on Thursday along with Paris St.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- U.S.
Kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight, with a time of 50 hours and 38 minutes, according to the World Air Sports Federation.
"If necessary, we will use the element of martyrdom-seeking and we will become people of Ashura," Fars quoted Gen.
Clashes have erupted in days leading up to the vote, with at least two people killed when supporters of the two frontrunners hurled rocks at one another Saturday, Human Rights Watch said.
"BINGO!"
Players will get to "use the Force, wield a Lightsaber, and blast away Pigtroopers on an intergalactic journey from the deserts of Tatooine to the depths of the Pig Star."
The 1,527-foot-tall BREN tower was the tallest free-standing structure west of the Mississippi River.
"Sooners are not racists.
In March, seven Marines were killed when a 60mm mortar round exploded at Hawthorne Army Depot in Nevada.
This week the intranasal mist variety, called FluMist, became available, and next week the injectable form will made available, he said. iReport.com: Are you getting the H1N1 vaccine?
The individual military services have reviewed the evidence against the 12 individuals and made their recommendations to Gen.
Democratic Sen.
Russian firm Orbital Technologies plans to open the first space hotel in history in five year's time.
The space hotel, or "Commercial Space Station," as it's officially called, will float 250 miles above Earth.
To check in, tourists will have to undergo special training that can take up to three months, depending on the type of spacecraft they fly to the hotel.
(CNN) -- Germany's Martin Kaymer beat Bubba Watson after a three-hole playoff to win the 92nd PGA Championship at Whistling Straits and claim his first major title.
The Frenchman finished eighth in the drivers' championship in 2012 on 96 points but was involved in a number of early season incidents.
U.S.
The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security are warning of a higher risk of cyber attacks after months of similar disruptions by hackers known as the Syrian Electronic Army.
(CNN) -- A Japanese carrier has revealed that it replaced faulty batteries on its Boeing 787 Dreamliner fleet last year, as aviation authorities worldwide continue to ground the aircraft amid safety concerns over the devices.
Tens of millions of the worm-like larvae have appeared in the northern part of the country, where they are destroying green crops like cabbage and collard greens and contaminating the water supply, Liberian Information Minister Laurance Bropleh told CNN Wednesday from the capital of Monrovia.
Berenson has served nearly 15 years of a 20-year sentence for aiding Peruvian rebels in a 1995 plot to overthrow Peru's Congress.
Do you know a hero?
Early episodes of the third season of "House of Cards" indicate a change of direction might be afoot, though plenty of worry remains that this will be only temporary and the Underwoods will continue to fool and rule the world with the ease of master puppeteers as the season goes forward.
Organizers say the concept marks a first of its kind collaboration between art and top-class sailing and could soon be casting off at famous waterside locations around the world.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Republican Sen.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Chris Brown must stay locked up in the Los Angeles County jail for at least another week while his lawyer negotiates with the prosecutor about his probation violation, a judge said Thursday.
Downey's rep confirmed to EW that the star would be fine, and that they're still waiting to see how long he'll need before returning to the shoot.
To avoid inflaming old hostilities, Lebanese history textbooks stop in 1943, the year the country gained independence.
There were no immediate reports of damage, and the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning.
Negroponte founded One Laptop per Child in 2005 with the goal of providing one internet-connected laptop to every school-age child in the world.
There are approximately 1 million gay families raising approximately 2 million kids in the United States, according to the Family Equality Council, though it's hard to know our exact numbers since census data doesn't exactly count us.
The motion by the media companies, which include CNN, does not seek public release of the sex tape or any intimate photos that might exist.
Tokyo (CNN) -- Two U.S.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported higher levels of flu activity than the average for mid-May and an unusual number of outbreaks in schools.
The development has been widely praised for its forward thinking sustainable design that includes a waste water recycling plant that sits beneath the complex and one of the world's largest geothermal systems, which eliminates the need for boilers or electrical air conditioners.
Kitterman was found bound, blindfolded and fatally stabbed in a car in the district, formally known as the International Zone, on May 22.
"Fashion Police" will resume in January 2015 with coverage of the Golden Globes awards ceremony and red carpet.
They say they are being lured here by the regionÂ´s relatively strong and stable economies, low costs, and the chance to work alongside top business, scientific and creative minds.
The U.S.
(CNN) -- Slovenia's Igor Simcic and his yacht Esimit Europa 2 were the biggest winners on the final day of the Maxi Rolex Cup in Sardinia on Saturday.
(CNN)Fitness expert and reality TV personality Greg Plitt died on Saturday after being hit by a commuter train in Burbank, California.
The operation -- which targeted people accessing indecent images of children online -- involved 45 police forces across England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
The operation comes amid wide public concern over the issue of sexual abuse of children in the United Kingdom.
Most of the children's adoption cases were at the end of the bureaucratic process before the 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck.
Brewer suffered burns over 65% of his body and was hospitalized for more than two months.
(CNN) -- The United States will withdraw another 4,000 troops in Iraq by the end of October, the U.S. military commander in Iraq said in prepared testimony for a congressional hearing Wednesday.
Critics complain the agencies have lost their ability to independently judge the risk on certain investments -- especially in light of AAA ratings given to mortgage-backed securities that imploded when defaults on U.S. home loans shot up, triggering the 2008 financial crisis.
The 1909 card of Pittsburgh Pirate shortstop Honus Wagner -- one of only about 50 in existence -- was auctioned off by Goldin Auctions in West Berlin, New Jersey.
The card is in short supply because Wagner made the American Tobacco Company recall it when he discovered it had made the card without his permission.
(Fast Company) -- According to a study by the Pew Internet & American Life Project, nearly half of all 12-year-olds in the U.S. are using social network sites, despite not meeting the minimum age requirements for sites like Facebook.
After all, any user no matter his or her age can register for the site by simply lying when signing up -- Facebook has no mechanisms to detect whether a teen is telling the truth or not.
Murphy addresses reports that he stormed out of the Oscars after losing the best supporting actor award to Alan Arkin.
Madeleine was 3 years old when she disappeared during a family vacation in Praia da Luz, Portugal, on May 4, 2007.
(CNN) -- Todd Palin and nine aides were found in contempt Friday by the Alaska Senate for failing to appear to testify in the Legislature's "troopergate" investigation of his wife, Gov.
The first person murdered in retaliation for the 9/11 attacks was a Sikh -- a gas station owner in Mesa, Arizona, named Balbir Singh Sodhi who was shot five times by aircraft mechanic Frank Roque.
"Paying for what you spend is basic common sense," Obama said.
"It seems a tad disingenuous for the president and Speaker [Nancy] Pelosi to talk about PAYGO rules after ramming trillions in spending through Congress proposing policies that create more debt in the first six months of this year than in the previous 220 years combined," said Rep.
Some costs would be exempt, including Medicare payments to doctors, the estate and gift tax, and tax cuts enacted in 2001 and 2002, the White House statement said.
"I love the black Barbie.
Meanwhile, Marcel Hirscher extended his overall lead in the men's World Cup with victory in the slalom at Adelboden to repeat his 2012 victory at the Swiss resort.
But while Turkey's top diplomat was embracing international rapprochement with Europe, the Turkish prime minister was delivering a speech warning of a shadowy foreign conspiracy aimed at toppling him from power.
"Mr.
Under cover of dense fog, on Tuesday just before 8 a.m., the young men climbed a section of the six-meter-tall, chain-link fence that had not been reinforced, while Moroccan and Spanish security forces tried desperately to prevent them.
About 500 made it in, and they were soon running toward an overcrowded immigrant holding center in Melilla, shouting "bosa, bosa," which means "victory, victory."
On Wednesday, Madrid sent 120 additional police and civil guards to Melilla.
Known as restaveks, these extremely poor children are sent by their families to other homes.
The NSA's Section 702 program is still lawful, "valuable and effective" in protecting national security, according to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (PDF), which noted that "no evidence of intentional abuse" was found in the program.
A small, private ceremony was held at the actor's home in the islands in the West Indies on Saturday, according to publicists Rogers and Cowan.
Willis and Heming will have a civil ceremony when they return to California, the publicists said.
Their mother and Willis' first wife, actress Demi Moore and her husband, actor Ashton Kutcher, also attended the ceremony.
The pilot episode will air as a special "NCIS: LA" episode later this season (yes, it's a spinoff of a spinoff!).
Each ship has two of these interactive floors on board in the Oceaneer Lab and Oceaneer Club for kids and tweens.
Ranking Republican Sen.
(CNN) -- A few thousand Muscovites braved police and subzero temperatures to mark the first anniversary of Russia's anti-Putin movement at an unsanctioned protest in central Moscow.
While turnout was significantly lower than last winter's rallies, which at one point attracted more than 100,000 people, those that came faced more serious consequences, including jail and fines of more than $9,500 -- nearly the average monthly Russian salary.
Arsenal were 2-1 winners over Paris St Germain and Valencia beat Inter Milan 2-0 on the first day of the pre-season Emirates Cup tournament.
Thursday's arrests are part of a series of cases being built by the federal government.
Visiting presepju, or nativity scenes, is an integral part of Christmas in Malta.
1830s - The term "lame duck" arrives in the United States, but is used to describe politicians on their way out of office, rather than businessmen.
2 - The number of times a lame duck House of Representatives chose the president and vice president in disputed elections.
(CNN) -- Sen.
"Our thoughts are with the family at this difficult time," the Foreign Office said.
Beijing (CNN) -- Flooding in China's north and south caused by heavy rain has left at least 107 dead and inundated roads and farmland, the government and state media said.
Three provinces in China's northeast bore the brunt of the floods with 85 dead and 105 missing in Heilongjiang, Jilin and Liaoning as of 4pm on Monday, the government said.
Xinhua said that the People's Liberation Army had been mobilized to carry out rescue work.
In the countdown to the Winter Games, Russian animal rights activists have accused city authorities of ramping up a campaign to exterminate street dogs through the use of poison.
Reports of the widespread culling of animals have put city and Olympic officials on the defensive.
"Mr.
The plane recovered and landed safely the second time around, the spokesman said.
(CNN) -- No wonder Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher were so affectionate at a recent Clippers game: The couple are reportedly expecting a baby.
Ukraine is mired in a political crisis that has led to the Prime Minister's resignation.
Philadelphia's 218 public schools will now open their doors on September 9, the originally scheduled date.
Nick Brooks, 24, whose father -- Joseph Brooks -- is the Oscar-winning composer and director who produced the song "You Light Up My Life," was charged with attempted murder and strangulation in the death of Sylvie Cachay, police said Friday.
According to Joe Daniels, president of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum, the foundation "is focused on honoring the victims and their families in a way free of politics, and this ensures that continues."
When people suggested Groupon's promotion was tongue-in-cheek, it responded through its Twitter account: "Joke?
In the second, unrelated incident, two men were shot dead in a Toys "R" Us in Palm Desert, California, after they argued in the store, police said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Obama extended a political olive branch to the GOP on Tuesday, nominating Sen.
During the meeting, Asiri explained to Mohammed that other Saudi militants in Yemen also wished to surrender but sought reassurances from the prince.
"We have asked for and received valuable ideas and insights from officers, members of the community, representatives of many organizations, and others who have a stake in the future of our community," said Damon Martinez, U.S. attorney for the District of New Mexico.
The skier and two companions were on a back-country trek Sunday near Revelstoke in British Columbia when the victim separated from his companions to test conditions at the base of a ridge, the RCMP said.
He became the youngest world No.
Aristocratic wives were once told they needed to provide an "heir and a spare" at least -- and the same has always been true for the royals.
(EW.com) -- Attention lovers of post-apocalyptic wastelands, biker gangs, and Tom Hardy: "Mad Max: Fury Road" is set to hit theaters on May 15, 2015 — almost exactly 30 years after "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome" was released.
Authorities fear the toll will grow much higher since rescue personnel are yet to reach the worst affected areas.
Panjshir is a small, mountainous province north of the capital, Kabul.
TALLAHASSEE, Florida (CNN) -- Florida Gov.
Tyler Hayes Weinman, 18, was charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty in Miami, Florida, on Monday.
The bill will move to the full Senate floor Friday afternoon in the second attempt to pass the legislation in the Senate.
The bodies of Willie Tom, 44, and Celine Fu, 29, were discovered Friday afternoon by SCUBA divers of the NYPD Harbor Patrol.
Several onlookers saw the pair riding together on a personal watercraft.
(CNN) -- The San Francisco 49ers beat the Denver Broncos 24-16 as Wembley Stadium in London played host to an NFL match for the fourth time on Sunday.
The planet, known as CoRoT-7b, was detected early last year, but it took months of observation to determine that it had a composition roughly similar to Earth's, the European Southern Observatory said in a statement.
Most of the attendees stay in character the entire night with a dedication that would make Russell Crowe or Robert DeNiro jealous.
(CNN) -- Two therapists who try to turn gay people straight, along with a student who says he was successfully converted to heterosexuality, are suing nearly two dozen California state officials, including Gov.
The State Department does not have independent confirmation of the death, the official said.
Etan disappeared on May 25, roughly a month before Hernandez left New York to resume living at his mother's South Jersey home, according to family members and police.
In 1990, Thomas was charged with four counts of HIV transmission and two counts of statutory rape, Fisher said.
For $25 a year, Match drops any track you purchase from iTunes directly into Apple's iCloud.
While there has not been an official count, U.N. estimates of the number of casualties in the capital alone range from 100,000 to 150,000.
Unite says it will not be calling for any industrial action following the talks as BA agreed to restore travel concessions to staff who went on strike.
It features the bare minimum; a fireplace, a couch and a canopy bed with thick woolly blankets.
(CNN) -- The U.N.
(Financial Times) -- China is poised to produce more cars than Europe in 2013 for the first time, hitting a landmark in the country's rise in the automobile industry and underlining the difficulties for the European vehicle sector as it faces a challenging 12 months.
Focus on: The Economy - Hear about the "r" word, and see how a possible recession could be fought.
No Girls Allowed - Learn why a Florida family is balking at a statewide baseball rule.
A Song for Spain - Consider what it would be like to have a national anthem without lyrics.
Both series got a big boost from films based off the books.
Inspectors suspended the dairy's license to sell raw milk on August 4, after samples taken at the farm tested positive for campylobacter bacteria.
By CNN's count, at least 20 women have gone public with accusations.
Austin Tice, who was working as a freelancer for McClatchy and other news outlets, last contacted his family on August 13 while in Syria reporting on the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad's government.
A Saudi court ruled the 19-year-old had an "illegitimate relationship" with a man who was not her husband, and that she was raped after she and the man were discovered in a "compromising situation, her clothes on the ground."
Last week, North Korea's government news agency branded Park's election as fraudulent and her father -- himself a former President -- a dictator.
Experts point out that it's hard to quantify racial prejudice because many people who hold prejudices are not going to admit to it.
Democrats, however, typically get close to 90 percent of the African-American vote anyway.
Bhutto was assassinated in a gun-suicide attack in December 2007, shortly after she came back to Pakistan from self imposed exile to take part in the 2008 general elections.
The most likely explanation for the emergence of the new virus is gorilla-to-human transmission, though researchers say they cannot rule out the possibility that the chimpanzee SIV gave rise to the new strain "either indirectly by transmission to gorillas and then to humans or directly by transmission to humans and also to gorillas."
(CNN) -- Former President George W.
Moscow is regularly ranked among the world's most expensive cities.
The U.S. held the lead for three of the four legs, but Yannick Agnel caught Ryan Lochte just after the turn and pulled away at the end.
LONDON, England (Reuters) -- Police closed streets near London's Canary Wharf financial district on Saturday after an unexploded German flying bomb from World War II was found on a construction site.
Bomb disposal experts were called in to make the V1 missile safe after it was unearthed close to the east London complex that houses 80,000 office workers during the working week, police said.
Hundreds of unexploded bombs from the war are buried across the country, according to government figures.
Each Monsieur comes with 12 themes, such as "bachelorette party," "Irish pub" or "cigar bar," and each theme offers 20 to 25 drink selections.
New sketches from a company in the city on China's southern coast have proposed the creation of a floating cemetery.
Wet n' Wild Sydney will feature one of the world's largest wave pools, the only wave machine capable of producing a 10-foot barrel wave, the world's tallest water coaster and a water slide with eight lanes.
The U.N.
The all-star film grossed an estimated $52.4 million over three days and is likely to top $60 million by the time the Presidents Day holiday weekend is over.
A number of Web designers -- if not all readers -- are excited that newer browsers support downloadable fonts so sites can use more than the handful that it's safe to assume are installed already on people's computers.
The future of Europe, as well as the United States, depends on a cohesive global economy.
Spanish employers are pushing for a profound reform of the country's rigid labour market as one way of encouraging the hiring of workers and so reducing the unemployment rate, which is more than double the eurozone average.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- Mexican authorities were searching Wednesday for two politicians accused of belonging to the Familia Michoacana drug cartel, which is blamed for killing more than 30 federal police officers in a series of attacks since Saturday.
The previous record for a work of art sold at an auction was Edvard Munch's "The Scream," painted in 1895.
Craft beer is traditionally produced by independent breweries on a much smaller scale than the multinationals.
O'Neill initially wasn't slated to be part of the team that would raid the compound itself.
But something about Katrina -- something about New Orleans -- spurred an unprecedented response from the entertainment world that continues four years later, experts and activists say.
Although the Hubble is not expected to resume full operations until late summer and its new camera is still being calibrated, NASA scientists decided the Jupiter event was too significant not to put the orbiting observatory back into action for a day.
Hundreds of students at Diyala University in Baquba carried banners demanding the release of Muntadhar al-Zaidi -- described by demonstrators as an "honorable Iraqi."
The British flag has long been a flashpoint between British loyalists and Irish nationalists, who want Northern Ireland to join the Irish republic.
(CNN) -- The former cop who killed his wife and tried to cover it up by burning down their house was sentenced Monday to life in prison with the possibility of parole.
The final tally in the 300-member parliament was 167 votes in favor, 128 opposed, with four abstentions.
Annan will brief the U.N.
After Wednesday's declaration of famine, U.S.
Tom Barrack's Colony Capital got a major stake in property when it bailed Jackson out of financial trouble in 2008, a year before the singer died while preparing for a comeback concert tour.
(CNN) -- Two leading world sports officials were sanctioned by the International Olympic Committee Thursday over cash payments they received from a collapsed sports marketing agency.
Gov.
Brewer's signature comes less than a month after she approved a state law that requires immigrants to carry their registration documents at all times and allows police to question individuals' immigration status in the process of enforcing any other law or ordinance.
SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- North and South Korea will hold three days of talks on reunions for families torn apart by the Korean War and divisions between the two countries, South Korea's Unification Ministry said Tuesday.
The fragment, which was analyzed by an outside expert, will go on to the state DNA lab for testing, Jimmy Lee, director of Public Affairs for the Contra Costa County's Sheriff's Office said in an e-mail.
Under the deal, Rajoelina will serve as president along with two new co-presidents.
Ravalomanana had pledged to reject any accord that allowed his successor to be the sole leader of the country.
Airing video of one of the facilities as it began a new round of military exercises, Iran announced Monday that it has built its first ballistic missile silos.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 and faces the possibility of execution.
Democrats complain the secret holds keep the Obama administration from being able to effectively govern and point to one nominee, Michael Huerta, to be the No.
Additionally, Kibby is accused of forcing the victim to wear an anti-bark shock dog collar for a period, scarring her neck.
The operation comes three days after government troops retook Jaar and Zinjibar towns from the militants.
The Justice Department urged the high court to stay out of the current fight, called a "mandamus" review.
The privacy rights group now has the option of going back to the lower courts and starting the legal process anew.
In 2010, more than 100 schoolgirls and teachers were sickened in a series of similar poisonings.
The defendants face a maximum of 15 years in prison with the charge, if convicted, Brown said.
Irbil, Iraq (CNN)New U.S.
The date marks the anniversary of the end of World War I -- which ended on the 11th hour, of the 11th day, of the 11th month of 1918.
Greg Melville converted a 1985 diesel station wagon to run on vegetable oil when his family needed another car.
(Mashable) -- Microsoft has sold more than 10 million Kinect systems for the Xbox 360 to retailers, the company announced Wednesday.
This week's military operation has resulted in more than 180 militant casualties since Sunday, while the military has suffered one death and one injury, according to Abbas.
Mogadishu has been the site of violence in recent months between Ethiopian troops and Islamist fighters.
Dr.
The mobile security firm, with headquarters in both the U.S. and China, estimates that nearly 33 million Android devices were targeted by malware in 2012 -- a jump of more than 200% from the year prior.
Duclos was one of nine people injured by police gunfire and ricocheting bullets after police engaged 58-year-old Jeffrey Johnson, who had been laid off from his job as a designer of women's accessories before gunning down his co-worker.
City officials were not immediately available to comment on Tuesday's lawsuit.
It's known as K2 or Spice, a synthetic substance that, when smoked, gives users a marijuana-like high, according to drug authorities.
Plame's identity as a CIA operative was exposed in July 2003 after Wilson publicly challenged a key argument in the Bush administration's case for the invasion of Iraq.
The Republican nominee has not specified publicly on favorites for the court.
Many names mentioned are relatively young judges named to the federal bench by President George W.
The Club America striker was shot in the head in Mexico City during the early hours of Monday morning after an incident in a city bar.
New York Gov.
Tensions in the region have eased in recent days since a fraught period last month that included near daily North Korean threats of war.
Ferguson was arrested and charged with endangering the welfare of a child, unlawful restraint and false imprisonment on February 16 after showing police a photo of her child bound to a plastic chair with duct tape.
Many state and local officials support the initiative to have the sites recognized, including Mayor Mitch Landrieu's office and the city of New Orleans.
The National Register of Historic Places was established in 1966 to recognize places worthy of preservation nationwide.
The drawings all date from around 1908 and 1909, when Hitler was a "penniless dropout" trying to get accepted into the prestigious Vienna Academy of Fine Arts to train as a professional artist, Mullock's said.
"Dear Mom, Love Cher" will focus on the singer's family history and features interviews with Holt, her daughters Cher and Georganne LaPiere Bartylak, and grandchildren Chaz Bono and Elijah Blue Allman.
The documentary also features a never-before-heard duet performance with Holt and Cher, along with the long-lost recordings Holt taped more than three decades ago that Cher has re-mastered for commercial release later this year.
Clifton Davis sang "Never Can Say Goodbye," a hit he wrote for The Jackson 5 -- the group that featured a young Michael and his brothers.
While some critics question whether the film captures the full scope of the conflict, one matter is without debate: Kony now ranks as one of the International Criminal Court's most wanted men, facing arrest on charges of crimes against humanity after a 26-year campaign of brutality in his failed bid to overthrow the Ugandan government.
The threat to civilization comes primarily from the increase of the level of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere, due largely to the burning of fossil fuels.
The burning of coal, oil, and natural gas has made the planet warmer than it had been since the rise of civilization 10,000 years ago.
Brown presided over a syndicated reality TV show based on court case arbitration for 15 years until it was canceled last year.
SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- North Korea fired several short-range missiles toward the Sea of Japan on Saturday, an act that the U.S.
Pyongyang test-fired four such missiles off the east coast Thursday, Yonhap reported.
Derrick Praileau, 29, faces second-degree murder charges in connection with the death of Andree Bejjani, 44.
Helping manage protocol for more than 190 U.N. member states is a juggling act Marshall's protocol team has to perfect every UNGA.
"We are just going to do the best we can," says Michelle.
But perhaps more impressively, the album's strong debut also makes Streisand the first artist to have a No.
7 -- The number of times the constitutionally-mandated inauguration date has fallen on a Sunday.
Up to 800,000 -- Estimated number of people that will attend President Obama's second inauguration.
More than 1.8 million -- Estimated number of people that attended President Barack Obama's first inauguration on January 20, 2009.
The men's governing body in the U.S. will "self-finance" the project through a combination of bonds and "USTA revenue generation," it said in a statement.
Since 2003, the World Health Organization has confirmed 404 human cases worldwide.
The method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those, 10 were new.
"I was one lucky man today.
Wealth, access to healthcare, and education are all closely linked to longer lifespans, and presidents have all three resources in abundance, he reasoned; if anything, presidents should age slower than the average person.
To test his hunch, Olshansky collected the birth, death, and inauguration dates of every American president that died of natural causes.
Two-thirds of presidents lived (or are living) longer than their projected lifespans, Olshansky found.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's personal physician, Dr.
Many Zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting the local currency, preferring foreign currency due to the hyperinflationary environment.
The talks were designed to set the stage for higher-level discussions on the sinking of a South Korean warship, for which North Korea has been blamed.
(CNN) -- The second round of talks between North Korea and the U.S.-led U.N.
Interpol issued an international arrest warrant for Sanclemente in March.
About 28,000 customers, most of them in Humboldt County, were left without power Saturday evening, said Jeff Smith, spokesman for Pacific Gas and Electric Co.
Meanwhile, Mugabe laughed and mugged for reporters from Zimbabwe's state-run media as he cast his ballot at a high school.
It was part of the promotion for Cirque du Soleil's "Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour," which makes its Los Angeles debut Friday night.
Other suspects can expect police to be "on their doorstep" soon, Tennessee's top investigator told reporters Tuesday.
The floodwaters cover an area the size of France and Germany combined and now stretch into the state of New South Wales.
McCarthy, who has been on the daytime talk show 17 times -- eight as a co-host -- will become a permanent co-host when season 17 kicks off on September 9, according to the network.
In the study, which included more than 1,000 men and women over age 60, researchers found that people with diabetes were twice as likely as the other study participants to develop Alzheimer's disease within 15 years.
The highest sum is reserved for Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau: Up to $7 million.
(Mashable) -- The next generation of the iPhone and iPad will sport a new version of Apple's A4 chip with a dual-core graphics processing unit that should enable even higher resolutions on these devices, as well as support for HD (1080p) video playback, AppleInsider reports citing sources familiar with the matter.
The arrests come just ahead of the proclamation of Spain's new King Felipe VI on Thursday in parliament, and the ministry last week raised the terror alert level from 2 to 3, to tighten security in the capital during the festivities.
It is difficult to ascertain exactly how many of the 350 U.S.
Incumbent Goodluck Jonathan is the presidential front-runner despite a poor performance in the parliamentary and senate elections by his People's Democratic Party.
(CNN) -- Rep.
A strike from Karim Benzema and an AndrÃ©s Guardado own goal sealed victory on a chilly night in Madrid but Real rode their luck on several occasions in front of their vociferous home support.
The Boxee Box plugs into your TV and allows you to search and store Web content, play it on your television and and share it with your friends on social networks via a keyboard in the device's remote control.
The ninth annual "Last Gadget Standing" event pits 10 new products against each other in a lighthearted, "American Idol"-like competition for tech gear.
JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Citing security concerns, the U.S.
"She wasn't involved, she didn't have anything to do with this!" said Jose Molinar in a recent interview with CNN.
Justices John Paul Stevens and Clarence Thomas disagreed over whether to grant a stay of execution for Cecil Johnson Jr.
Norovirus is often called the "stomach flu" or "food poisoning" since its symptoms include severe vomiting and diarrhea.
More than 4 million people live in "mine-contaminated" areas in Afghanistan, the U.N. says.
U.S.
(CNN) -- Charlotte Bobcats owner and NBA legend Michael Jordan has been hit with a fine by the league for comments he made about the collective bargaining agreement which is currently under discussion.
Fromme was convicted in 1975 of pointing a gun at then-President Gerald Ford in Sacramento, California.
According to reports, she for years waived her right to a parole hearing.
A boating scene shared by both of Gellar's characters attracted a good amount of negative criticism.
"We are occupying until poverty is eradicated," pastor Jamal Harrison Bryant told reporters at the National Press Club in Washington, near where a core group of activists remains encamped.
The two groups plan to gather during a national "day of action" scheduled for January 16, set to coincide with the commemoration of former civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.
Several times, Jeffs refers to having sexual relations with him as "heavenly sessions," and he instructed the young ladies that they also "must assist each other" during these sessions.
But behind the castle walls there is cause for concern.
Van der Sar won a record 130 Dutch caps before announcing his international retirement at the end of the 2008 season.
The State Department also has been providing passage for any U.S. citizen wishing to leave Egypt.
For her talent portion, she sang Pharrell Williams' "Happy" while she kept time by tapping a red plastic cup on the floor, a la Anna Kendrick's character in the movie "Pitch Perfect."
Rep.
(CNN) -- Third seed Roger Federer has crashed out of the Rogers Cup in Montreal, after losing 7-6 4-6 6-1 to Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Thursday.
Morton was the co-founder in 2007 of Revolution Muslim, a radical group based in New York City that is supportive of al Qaeda's philosophy.
Since 2005, Brad Blauser's Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids program has distributed nearly 650 free wheelchairs.
"Disabled children -- they're really the forgotten ones in this war," said Blauser, 43.
"I just had not been feeling well and wanted to get checked out," Daniels said.
Moscow is trying to prevent a currency crisis turning into an economic catastrophe, and finds itself more isolated than at any other point in the last 25 years -- due to its actions over Ukraine.
Marine Amir Hekmati has been convicted in Iran by a secret court of "practical collaboration with the U.S. government" and sentenced to 10 years in prison, his sister told CNN on Friday.
But for Game of Thrones author George R.R.
Mali was plunged into chaos in March after a military ruler overthrew the president, shaking one of West Africa's most stable democracies.
(CNN) -- Dozens of the U.S. diplomatic cables obtained and published by WikiLeaks cover a worldwide phenomenon that has been persistently troubling to the United States: drug trafficking.
His family is now weighing whether to remove him from life support.
Earlier Tuesday, an Israeli official with knowledge of the communications between the Israeli military and the vessel said the ship's captain had agreed to change course and go to Egypt instead.
The museum was scheduled to open on the 11th anniversary of the September 11, 2001, terror attacks.
(CNN) -- Federal investigators are urging collectors and museums in the United States to scrutinize their stock for stolen antiquities, particular those acquired from a New York dealer accused this week of stealing $20 million worth artifacts from India.
The items are believed to have been looted from temples in the Tamil Nadu region of India, according to a Thursday statement from the U.S.
Rep.
Hobson is the 12th GOP House member to announce retirement ahead of the 2008 elections, when the Republican Party will be seeking to reclaim the congressional majorities it lost to Democrats in 2006.
Yemen crude oil exports are the mainstay of the impoverished country's economy, and halts in production pose a serious threat to stability.
Acevedo is accused of strangling 30-year-old Pamela Pemberton on October, 24, 1994, and leaving her body in a vacant lot, according to the indictment and authorities.
(CNN) -- Scientists at Ohio's Cleveland Clinic are touting a new prototype vaccine to prevent breast cancer as "promising."
Different districts in Japanese cities have varying training regimen for geisha, but typically, as in Kyoto, exams are taken after the first year as an apprentice, with four additional years of training.h
The ISI, or Inter-Services Intelligence, is Pakistan's powerful spy agency, which some U.S. officials have charged is protecting militant groups.
O'Neal was arrested on charges of bringing narcotics to a jail facility and possessing a controlled substance, Whitmore said.
It was not clear whether O'Neal posted bail, which was set at $25,000.
"I've seen rage from him.
U.S.
The United States is cutting funding to the U.N.
Z-Tov sells the 8GB iPhone for about 2,600 NIS, or about U.S.
Apple has yet to make its presence official in Israel.
Regions across the Peruvian and Bolivian Andes have traditional fighting festivals and ceremonies as an outlet for this type of mountain-born aggression.
Police said they are not ready to call Kyron Horman's disappearance a criminal investigation yet, while the boy's parents have indicated they will release a statement to the public sometime Wednesday.
Rich Behm, 33, was one of three Cowboys staffers seriously hurt when the storm struck their practice facility Saturday afternoon.
Behm's spinal cord was severed by a fractured vertebrae, paralyzing him from the waist down, the team said in a written statement.
The deadliest tornado year on record is 1925, which had 794 deaths, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
On Tuesday Sen.
The Census Bureau has released its tally of Hispanics in 33 states.
(CNN) -- Three aid workers have been shot over the last day in Somalia, two of them fatally, Somali media reports said.
(CNN) -- Nurburgring was confirmed Thursday as the venue for the 2013 German Grand Prix after reaching a deal with F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone.
CCTV footage of the incident, which happened in Perth, Western Australia in 2008, showed an unarmed aboriginal man lying on the ground surrounded by police officers after reportedly refusing a strip search.
Taser guns emit an electrical current which temporarily immobilizes the victim by disrupting voluntary control of muscles.
"Continue your life as normal.
More than 140 flights have been canceled since Friday at Changel International Airport in the provincial capital of Fuzhou, and high-speed train services have also been suspended, authorities said.
(CNN) -- Capt.
Massachusetts law requires a special election for Kennedy's seat to be held within 160 days.
In Sunday's other matches, Jonathan Biabiany scored twice as Parma drew 2-2 away to Genoa to keep hold of fourth in the table.
The organization, which facilitates global cooperation among police agencies, said its Web site logged 30 times more visitors than in an average day after it made its plea for the public's help Tuesday.
Burwell makes clear why: The D.C.
(CNN) -- Manchester City misfit Robinho made a winning second debut for Santos as he scored the decisive goal in a 2-1 victory against Brazilian rivals Sao Paulo on Sunday.
More than 350 questions were submitted to CNN iReport from students, parents and avid travelers.
(CNN) -- Didier Drogba scored twice as Chelsea re-established a five point lead at the top of the English Premier League with a 3-0 win over Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
CDC has not identified what food or foods might be causing this outbreak.
Wayne Coldiron and Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. are facing murder charges in the Thursday night shooting deaths of Byrd and Melanie Billings, said Sheriff David Morgan of Escambia County.
The homemade magnetic sticky bomb killed Brig.
Last week, two Egyptian police officers were injured during an attack near Cairo, when an improvised explosive device detonated at a traffic security checkpoint, according to Egynews.
Godinez was charged along with five other defendants currently awaiting trial in the August 4, 2007, murders of Terrance Aeriel, Dashon Harvey, and Iofemi Hightower behind the Mt.
The mothers in the study averaged about 400 calories more per day than other women.
For the mothers, less exercise and less-healthy diets added up to a higher BMI, a ratio of height to weight used to estimate body fat.
The franchise's creator recently told the New York Post's Page Six that he hasn't watched the teaser for next year's "Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens," which makes him the only one on the planet.
The girl's 18-year-old stepbrother has since been charged with three felony sexual abuse counts.
The Security Council heard a report earlier this week from U.N.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- A judge has delayed the preliminary hearing for Dr.
The procedure is called deep brain stimulation (DBS), where small electrodes are implanted into the brain to stimulate affected regions in patients with movement disorders such as Parkinson's disease or tremors.
There hasn't been a new class of TB drugs developed in 40 years, Because it is mainly a disease of poverty, there hasn't really been a commercial market for new drugs, Spigelman noted.
"We ask that passengers follow the instructions of international security and flight crews," the TSA said.
An official with the TSA told CNN that along with increased security at airports, screening likely will take longer.
(CNN) -- Two U.S.
British forces launched a similar offensive in the province in late June.
The split 5-4 conservative-liberal bench has the option of ruling broadly or narrowly-- perhaps taking a series of incremental cases over a period years, building political momentum and public confidence in the process.
(CNN) -- A banker caught looking at photos of a semi-nude model on live TV will remain an employee of the Sydney-based Macquarie Private Wealth, the firm said Friday.
Goalkeeper Mohamed Saqr was the hero as Al Sadd became the first Qatari football club to win the Asian Champions League title on Saturday.
The event features 40 films that show how Latinos have been depicted on the big screen and is part of the network's "Race and Hollywood" series.
The spike reverses a steady decline in the number of suicides since the end of last year, when the government launched a national public awareness campaign.
Japan was struck by a devastating earthquake and tsunami on March 11, and continues to grapple with a nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant.
(CNN) -- Miss South Africa Rolene Strauss was crowned Miss World on Sunday in a competition in London.
An incredible nine players shared the lead after the opening round of the PGA Tour's Northern Trust Open in Los Angeles on Thursday.
Each side blames the other for the violence, which first broke out last week near two temples in the Phanom Dong Rak district of Thailand's Surin province.
Cambridge asks applicants: "What would you do if you were a magpie?"
(CNN) -- It's been a year since the Occupy Wall Street movement sprang up.
Girls are encouraged to compete against each other to become the "hottest, coolest, most famous bimbo in the whole world."
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Larry Flynt's Hustler magazine claimed credit for exposing Sen.
Rome, Italy (CNN) -- Pope John Paul II was a step closer to sainthood Saturday after Pope Benedict XVI signed a decree recognizing the late pontiff's "heroic virtues" and declaring him "venerable," the Vatican said.
The carrier USS George Washington and South Korean carrier Dokdo will lead the naval aspects of Invincible Spirit on the eastern coast of South Korea, said U.S.
Meanwhile, in Geneva, U.N.
As of July, Mexican trucks had made fewer than 100 long-haul trips into the United States.
Unless the number of participating trucks increases significantly, the Department of Transportation's inspector general says, the department will not have the data needed to determine whether Mexican trucks present a danger on U.S.
There are lots of times where I feel depressed or lonely or misunderstood and different.
"Every day is a work day for her, so every day is a work day for the rest of us," she said, according to court documents.
The Indian nuclear market is a rich prize, and the agreement could open the way for U.S. companies to earn billions of dollars building nuclear power plants in India.
Sen.
The Patz case was the first of several high-profile cases that catapulted concern about missing children to the forefront of national consciousness.
CNN could not independently authenticate bin Laden as the speaker in the 11-minute video posted on Sunday by As-Sahab Media -- al Qaeda's production company.
One of Xi's most applauded moves since he became the Communist Party chief has been an intensified fight against corruption, a lightning rod for mass discontent across the country.
Capt.
He was sentenced to two years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter conviction, but was released last year because of a California law that allowed him to reduce his sentence to nearly a year.
Prices for the suite range between $1,300 and $2,600 depending on which package you buy, with upgrades priced between $500 and $1,500.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
Bossangoa, Central African Republic (CNN) -- Months after a coup escalated chaos and violence in the Central African Republic, the U.N.
The program meets several young rappers - from Casablanca to Tangiers - to hear some of the sounds of Morocco's urban rage.
Lakewood is about 70 miles south of New York City.
Sen.
Moyes has never won a major trophy with Everton after more than a decade in the English top flight, but has consistently produced competitive teams on a tight budget.
(CNN) -- South Korean shop owners are launching a nationwide boycott of Japanese products over a territorial dispute between the two countries.
Oklahoma City was the site of the worst terrorist attack on U.S.
The 1995 bombing of the state capital's federal building left 168 dead.
Rep.
Ahmed's resignation is the latest turn in the political crisis in Somalia, which is already struggling with an Islamist revolt, a refugee crisis and rampant lawlessness that has fueled a wave of piracy off the Horn of Africa.
The U.S.
In his guilty plea in July, Dykstra specifically admitted he committed bankruptcy fraud by lying about whether he had taken and sold items from his $18 million Sherwood mansion after creditors seized the property.
"I had never in my life seen such a disaster as I had in New Orleans," Prepas says.
St.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- The son of the leader of an al Qaeda-linked militant group was killed Thursday night in a suspected U.S.
The authenticity of the tape could not immediately be verified, and the person in the video appeared sometime before the May 1 event.
Mars has been nominated for 14 Grammys and has sold over 115 million singles.
The bus and a car collided near Washington's Tidal Basin just off the National Mall where the ceremony was held, according to Park Police, who have jurisdiction over the Mall.
It's accessible by boat or seaplane from points in Michigan and Minnesota.
After the coup, free market economic policies were pursued with vigor, inspired by the theories of Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman and others.
"We are not endorsing these groups at all," said the official.
George Casey, the Army's chief of staff, added, "Grieve with us.
But because of a plea deal with prosecutors, Staff Sgt.
Pojaman Shinawatra, 51, and Thaksin went into exile in July, after a court sentenced her to three years imprisonment for tax evasion.
U.N.
Using various pseudonyms on Twitter and on blogs, Cassidy published more than 8,000 tweets and posts about Zeoli often wishing death upon her.
King Mohammed VI has ordered that the mosque be rebuilt as soon as possible and that its original architecture be preserved, it said.
If e-books encourage people to read more, that's good for public libraries -- which have a core mission to foster literacy and community engagement with information, culture and civic life.
The Mexican Supreme Court's decision came a day after U.S.
The former star of the TV series "The Partridge Family" was released on $2,500 bail and ordered to appear in court on September 6, the police report said.
The tubers mimic the way the human body responds to electronic signals, so engineers at Boeing's Test & Evaluation Laboratory used the spud-filled plane to try out the new methods without requiring hundreds of people to sit in the aircraft.
"Songs in the Key of Life: An All-Star Grammy Salute" aired Monday on CBS, and some of music's biggest stars turned it up and out for the legendary Stevie Wonder.
Tread designs are tested for traction in "virtual reality" before they are molded into the rubber.
(CNN) -- The likeness of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs may appear on a commemorative U.S. postage stamp in 2015, only four years after his death.
Coups and coup attempts have taken place repeatedly in Guinea-Bissau since it won independence from Portugal in 1974.
That incident happened 20 years ago, but the welcome announcement last week by Feld Entertainment -- parent company to Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus -- that it plans to retire elephants from its circuses by 2018 is a reminder of how that controversy lingers.
"It would not be someone's hair but something in someone's hair," she said.
According to the Korea Information Technology Research Institute (KITRI), the "Best of the Best" program is designed to train computer experts to defend against domestic and foreign cyber attacks.
NORFOLK, Virginia (CNN) -- Negotiators aboard a U.S.
The first swap is expected to take place early this week.
But moderate opposition groups appear to have suffered a series of setbacks this month as hard-line jihadi groups have pushed to grab more territory and resources.
Cash-strapped secular Syrian activists have been warning of the rise of Islamist groups in opposition-controlled parts of Syria.
Some senators said they would like to tie elements of the "Gang of Six" proposal to the McConnell-Reid measure as a way to salvage the group's work and to keep open the possibility of deeper reductions in the debt.
The massive donut-like structure at its core will be 10 stories -- five above ground and five underground -- integrating airport facilities, with retail and leisure outlets.
(CNN) -- A blogger who endured a four-year stint in an Egyptian prison for his writings has been released, saying he was jailed for defying convention.
The former law student at Cairo's Al-Azhar University is a critic of conservative Muslims and has accused his school of promoting extremist ideas, calling Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak a "dictator," it said.
ISIS actually justified its enslavement of Yazidis in its own online magazine.
Best Bright: AnnaLynne McCord In Miami, the "90210" star opted for a hot pink two-piece paired with multiple bracelets, necklaces and simple black shades.
Bree (Marcia Cross): She was on trial for allegedly killing Gaby's (Eva Longoria) abusive stepfather Alejandro, which Carlos (Antonio Chavira) had actually done.
(EW.com) -- Warner Bros. has just announced that "The Hobbit" earned an estimated $13 million from midnight showings at 3,100 locations last night, giving it a per-theater average of $4,193 from midnight shows alone.
Included in "The Hobbit's" midnight figure is $1.6 million earned from 326 IMAX theaters.
The new bugging controversy follows earlier European discontent over revelations of U.S.
"She popped into my head every time I got back to the bench," said former teammate Emma Wadsworth.
More than 2 million people have died of AIDS this year -- including 330,000 children.
CEO Tim Cook said iPod is a "large and important product" for the company at Apple's 2011 iPhone event.
John Thune, R-South Dakota, adding he is confident that the leaders of the budget conference, Rep.
Personal thoughts about the leaders aside, a lack of confidence in the process has moved into higher gear this week.
(Rolling Stone) -- The Rolling Stones blend past and present on "Doom and Gloom," their first new song together in seven years.
Malawi means "flames of fire" in the local language -- a term that partly refers to the country's stunning sunsets.
Of the 15 million people that call the country home, 85% live in rural areas.
Ebola symptoms typically appear eight to 10 days after infection.
(CNN) -- A Florida jury awarded a widow $23.6 billion in punitive damages in her lawsuit against tobacco giant R.J.
He was released along with Alan Gross, an American subcontractor held for five years, in exchange for three convicted Cuban spies.
Shortly after, Dr.
NATO now has the use of armed U.S.
(CNN) -- Massachusetts Gov.
Last but not least, it was good times when Will Ferrell wished Conan a happy birthday on "Late Night," complete with a fake fart, green booty shorts and a Leprechaun dance?
His new series, "Conan," premieres on TBS at 11 p.m.
The country was plunged into political instability in January after thousands of people took to the streets to protest rising food prices and what they perceived as autocratic behavior by Ravalomanana.
Adm.
The attack was captured on video and prompted outrage on social media under the hashtag #mydressmychoice.
(CNN) -- The World Bank cut China's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent Wednesday, down a full percentage point from November's projection.
China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November as other major economies have struggled.
"You are a free man.
"My dad is Mitt's hero," G.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Piracy off the coast of Somalia can't be stopped until there is some authority to bring pirates to justice, according to the commander of the U.S.
The company's factory became operational earlier this year, producing four different kinds of products: baby diapers, paper towels, napkins and toilet paper.
Now that President-elect Obama is preparing to take office, I was interested to hear he is reading about President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's first 100 days in office.
Northup's memoir, "12 Years a Slave," was turned into a movie that won the best picture Oscar at this year's Academy Awards on Sunday.
That evening, Rep.
A two-lane bowling alley was installed in the White House in 1947 as a birthday gift to President Truman.
(CNN) -- Former French national coach Raymond Domenech is suing the French Football Federation (FFF) for unfair dismissal, demanding 2.9 million euros after his sacked in the wake of France's disastrous World Cup campaign.
Orman hasn't said which party he would caucus with in the Senate, but he's indicated that his success can get Kansas a sweet deal, whichever side he decides to bat for.
Even as Gaga's fame continued to grow, Saniewska kept those early photos to herself "out of respect," she said, particularly because she wasn't in touch with her.
Saniewska hopes that those viewing the photos will get to see another side of Gaga, a peek at who the star was before the world knew her name.
Army Sgt.
Newark, New Jersey (CNN) -- Of the 84,000 chemicals on the market today -- many of which are in objects that people come into contact with every day -- only about 1 percent of them have been studied for safety, Sen.
The carefully coiffed li'l crooner will become Twitter's first new king or queen (er, prince?) since Lady Gaga dethroned Britney Spears in August 2010 -- way back when 5 million followers was a big deal.
Roughly 2% of genomes of non-Africans today come from the Neanderthal species, according to Nature.
"There's an easier way to get things done around here," Obama (played by Jay Pharoah) tells a bewildered schoolboy visiting the Capitol.
Last week, U.S. luxury yacht chef Sara Kuszak, of Savannah, Georgia, was killed after being abducted during a morning run in Puerto Rico.
Hossack returned to the band when they reunited in 1987 and was a mainstay of the group through the next two decades, performing on most of the group's tours until he took a health leave in 2010.
"Spoiler alert -- it's zero!" said Oregon Democratic Rep.
Negotiators had been scrambling to reach a deal on Iran's nuclear program before a Monday night deadline.
Sens.
With almost 700 miles of coastline, and smack in the tropical zone, the state of Bahia is loaded with sleepy fishing villages and spectacular beaches.
Four residents and two police officers were killed and 20 others injured when a suicide bomber struck 10 minutes later, Rauf said.
To cap a superb week for the 26-year-old, she extends her overall World Cup lead to 192 points over Maria Riesch of Germany and is well-placed to retain the title.
Check out more great travel tips and destinations at Five To Go
Secretary-General Ban ki-Moon named Norton U.N.
Britain and the Netherlands came up with more than $5 billion to bail out savers in their own countries who lost money in the failure of Icesave -- an online retail bank branch of Landsbanki.
Taylor Mitchell, 19, was at the beginning of the Skyline Trail in Cape Breton Highlands National Park on Tuesday afternoon when she was attacked, according to Chip Bird, the Parks Canada field unit superintendent for Cape Breton.
Mitchell was recently nominated for Young Performer of the Year honors by Canadian Folk Music Awards.
Zahra, a freckle-faced youngster, lost her leg to bone cancer at age 5 and developed lung cancer a few years later, according to CNN affiliate WCNC.
The former football star has been in police custody since he was arrested on June 26.
Though uttered in typical self-deprecating jest, the mayor of the world's greatest city proclaiming that London is a mere province of the United Arab Emirates is revealing about how Dubai's fortunes have revived since the punishing real estate crash and debt restructuring following the financial crisis.
(Mashable) -- Facebook has just announced a new mobile application designed specifically for feature phones.
The app gives users a better, almost smartphone-like Facebook experience that includes simple homescreen navigation, contact syncing and fast scrolling of updates and photos.
Users will be able to use the Facebook app without incurring data charges.
Aguilera, 30, remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition, which is set to premiere next February 5 in a key scheduling slot following the Super Bowl.
Cee Lo Green, Adam Levine and Blake Shelton will continue to work alongside Aguilera in the coaching chairs.
The FBI has created a small group of agents and analysts to examine new threats and leads over the summer, a bureau official told CNN.
(CNN) -- Korean Air was established as a private airline in March 1969.
It is a founding member of SkyTeam, the global airlines alliance partnering Aeroflot, AeroMexico, Air France, Alitalia, CSA Czech Airlines, China Southern Airlines, Continental Airlines, Delta Air Lines, KLM and Northwest Airlines.
"We still feel that Robert Champion was murdered," he said, but "the prosecutor is limited as to what he can charge."
The Gulf of Aden, off northern Somalia, has the highest risk of piracy in the world.
The tribesmen are part of a small force fighting al Qaeda-affiliated militants in Abyan province
The disease has killed 67 people this year in Brazil's Rio de Janeiro state, the state's ministry of health reported.
The United States imports billions of dollars in Chinese products each year, while China is a major purchaser of the U.S.
"These results now give a good explanation to this outbreak," Dr.
If your smart cover hails from early 2011, try taking it back to the Apple store; Booth says he's hearing from users that the store will exchange old smart covers for new ones.
Iselle has already delivered 11 inches of rain on the Big Island, according to Mike Cantin with the National Weather Service.
About 10 million people are at risk of starvation as the Horn of Africa region faces the worst drought in 60 years, according to the United Nations.
Between 1969 and 1973, they filmed more than 500 reels of Super 8.
Turkey No.
Turkey No.
Turkey No.
Sgt.
The T-39N took off from Pensacola Naval Air Station in Florida, about 400 miles south of Morganton, Bergen said.
Speaking on the eve of war in 2003, President George W.
When the waters of Superstorm Sandy surged, they engulfed 80% of her inventory in 4 feet of water.
Washington (CNN)The U.S. said Tuesday that deploying warships to Yemen to monitor nearby Iranian vessels has given America "options" for how it could react to Iran's behavior in the region.
Cambodia has declared Thursday a national day of mourning for those who died Monday in the crush at the annual Water Festival in the capital city of Phnom Penh, the news agency AKP reported.
The half-hour show will be set in Las Vegas and taped in front of a live studio audience.
Israel's ambassador was given the warning after it was learned that three Australian passports were used by members of an alleged assassination crew connected to the recent slaying of a Hamas leader in a Dubai hotel room, Australia's Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said Thursday.
Al-Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room January 20.
The last lunar eclipse to happen on the day of the winter solstice was in 1638.
(Financial Times) -- Foreign auditing firms will have to appoint a Chinese national as their chief partner in China as part of a sweeping overhaul of the country's accounting industry.
Retired Lt.
Chastain's other entry, "Zero Dark Thirty," fell only 28 percent in its sophomore weekend of wide release to $17.6 million, which brought the Osama Bin Laden huntdown's total to $55.9 million.
"Silver Linings Playbook" performed very nicely in its nationwide expansion.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anne M.
According to the House ethics committee, California Rep.
The second season premiere of "Beverly Hills" is still on track for September 5, with the show re-edited in wake of Armstrong's death.
The attorney tried more than 300 cases in 21 states, his family said, before retiring from his litigation practice in 2009 to focus full-time on his mediation and arbitration practice.
Polk's two self-inflicted gunshots to the chest were heard around the United States as the lifelong homemaker became a symbol for struggling U.S. homeowners burdened down by debt and unrelenting mortgage companies.
This flimsy vanity project cruelly exposes the Material Girl's limitations.
Andrea Riseborough miraculously makes Wallis Simpson more interesting than this hagiography allows, especially when she starts to regret her great conquest as the trappings of wealth turn claustrophobic.
The White House had lifted a veto threat against the bill after legislators made changes in language involving detainees.
The footage was shown at the British Film Institute's annual "Missing Believed Wiped" event at the National Film Theatre in London hosted by actor Mark Gatiss.
Squeaks & rattles (S/R) usually occur as a result of either two parts rubbing together or as a result of some part that is not quite secure, resulting in a squeak under load.
Texas Gov.
The justices without comment turned aside Charles Hood's challenge of his conviction.
Various state courts have rejected the assertion the affair cost Hood a fair trial.
The election was one of the tightest competitions in recent years.
The 'Ototo' from London start-up Dentaku is a pocket-sized synthesizer that can turn any everyday object - from vegetables to furniture - into an instrument if the two are connected with simple cables.
Tamaulipas is one of Mexico's most active states when it comes to drug trafficking.
The demonstration was staged in a government-controlled area of the city and was guarded by government forces, according to Yusuf Mohamed, who works for Shabelle Radio in Mogadishu.
"To be nominated to this post is both astonishing and exciting," he said, adding that it is a time for "optimism and for faith in the church" as it faces tough issues.
Oakland, California (CNN) -- One L.
Oakland, California (CNN) -- One L.
"Everyone grieves differently," said Kristi Cooper, a family life field specialist at Iowa State University.
The show that began its run on the Fox owned and operated stations and then moved to the network will return for its 25th season later this year on Lifetime.
(In May, Fox canceled the show as a weekly Saturday series because the show was no longer profitable but it will still air quarterly specials -- the first of which will bow in October.)
The company received two reports of children who sucked the whistles into their mouths and coughed out pieces.
It's asking customers to "immediately take the whistle away from children."
Although Auckland police have yet to confirm the nature of the allegation, the Press Association reports that an incident is said to have taken place early Sunday in a private hotel room at the city's Hilton hotel following the team's defeat to New Zealand's All Blacks.
We cannot give (ISIS) a base of operations," Sen.
(CNN) -- Japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in Iraq by the end of the year, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Thursday.
The Japanese Navy continues to take part in refueling missions in support of the U.S.-led coalition in and around Afghanistan.
C.K. was born in Washington, D.C., but moved to his father's native Mexico at age one -- he and his family didn't move back to the U.S. until he was seven or so.
Both vessels, HMS Vanguard and Le Triomphant, were armed with nuclear warheads and suffered damage but were able to return to port under their own power following the collision.
Last week, U.S. luxury yacht chef Sara Kuszak, of Savannah, Georgia, was killed after being abducted during a morning run in Puerto Rico.
Temples in Thailand typically have morticians who prepare bodies for cremation.
The incident continues an ongoing feud between conservation agencies and Japanese whaling fleets.
Adams is a prominent Catholic politician who helped broker peace in Northern Ireland and who has long been associated with the IRA, once considered the armed wing of Sinn Fein.
Non-citizens are three times more likely to be uninsured than U.S.-born residents, according to the Kaiser Commission on Medicaid and the Uninsured.
The relationship between Obama and Netanyahu has been one of the more strained in the history of the two nations.
Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio.
As a result, Greenwell and the Romeros were arrested February 21 and charged with aggravated kidnapping, Dupre said.
To see the live webcast, go to Facebook Live on September 8 and Oprah will answer questions shared by visitors to the Facebook Live event wall.
In the first recording, an unidentified officer talks to Slager about what might happen.
Washington (CNN) -- A repeal of President Barack Obama's signature health care law is "not gonna happen" even if the GOP takes the Senate, Ohio Gov.
"If there was ever a recipe for disaster, this is it," said Sen.
Cambodia is categorized by the U.S. government as a destination country for foreign child sex tourists, with increasing reports of Asian men traveling to Cambodia in order to have sex with underage virgin girls, according to a comprehensive 2009 Trafficking in Persons Report.
Eric Holder is a former federal prosecutor and served as deputy attorney general during the Clinton administration.
New York (CNN) -- A girl taken to a clinic for a skin rash had to be treated with a drug cocktail to prevent HIV and hepatitis after she was accidentally pricked by contaminated needles on the floor, according to the attorney for the family.
The women from the environmental group Greenpeace said they dodged security guards around The Shard and, once on top, they planned "to hang a huge work of art that captures the beauty" of the Arctic.
Greenpeace's environmental campaign aims to turn the area around the North Pole into a global sanctuary unavailable to industrialization.
Capt.
Sen.
Every year around 65,000 horses are crammed into trucks and transported across Europe to the slaughterhouse for what can be days on end in hellish conditions.
All five bodies were found January 12 in Rust's apartment in El Reno, Oklahoma, about 30 miles west of Oklahoma City.
Attorney General Joseph Manes was responding to news from the office of U.S.
"I decided to defend Sinjar, not to fight.
In second place, Universal's smash animated hit "The Lorax" dipped 41 percent in its third weekend to $22.8 million.
Disney's expensive misfire "John Carter" dropped by 55 percent in its sophomore frame to third place and $13.5 million.
(CNN) -- Pop singer Jason Derulo suffered a serious neck injury and has been forced to cancel all upcoming promotions and his world tour, according to a release from his record company.
The Office of the U.N.
(CNN) -- The United Nations is demanding full access to refugee camps that are home to an estimated quarter of a million people fleeing war in Sri Lanka, the United Nations Children's Fund said Tuesday.
(CNN) -- Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli has been charged with violent conduct by the English Football Association after his apparent stamp on Tottenham midfielder Scott Parker during Sunday's 3-2 Premier League win.
Washington (CNN) -- Staff Sgt.
Maj.
(CNN) -- Australian hurdler Jana Rawlinson has had her breast implants removed to boost her chances of winning a medal for her country at the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
Rawlinson won the 400m hurdles at the 2003 Paris world championships and four years later in Osaka, Japan.
Homosexuality is illegal in most African nations based on remnants of sodomy laws introduced during the British colonial era.
"Final Fantasy XIII-2" returns players to Cocoon in search of Lightning, the hero from "Final Fantasy XIII."
A second hostage, Dutchman Ewold Horn, 52, is still being held by the Abu Sayyaf militant group.
Most of them took place off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden, a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia.
Somali pirates are still holding four ships for ransom with 80 crew members as hostages.
Other trouble spots this year were waters off Nigeria, with 20 attacks; Malaysia with 14; and Bangladesh with 12.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
Zombies have never been bigger, evidenced -- or perhaps caused in part -- by the top-rated TV series, "The Walking Dead."
"It is a true testament to the impact of 'Title IX,' which in its 40-year history has increased sport opportunities for millions of females across the United States," said U.S.
Apple on Tuesday announced a new Mac Pro high-end desktop powered by Intel's "Nehalem" processor.
However, North Korean officials said South Korea had asked for a series of summits at the May 9 secret meeting.
That's the trade-off these days, where any form of success or notoriety means everything in your life is now fair game -- chum in the water for the media sharks.
Military checkpoints have since been set up in an effort to apprehend five men that authorities believe are responsible for the attacks.
It's the first time since 1996 that an automaker has fully challenged a recall demand from the safety agency.
(Entertainment Weekly) -- Punctuation promises comedy in "The Informant!" as if the title subject is a cartoon secret agent -- maybe Agent 86 in "Get Smart."
Perry has earned 18 gold, 16 platinum and 56 multiplatinum digital singles awards in addition to her multiplatinum awards for her album "Teenage Dream" and a platinum award for the album "One of the Boys."
The Casablanca bombings in May 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers.
The $168-million St.
More than 700 million watched China's five-hour long Lunar New Year TV gala this year, according to China's state television network.
Air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane landed, aviation officials said.
A change of leadership in Beijing will not have much impact in Europe.
One of the suspects is believed to have conducted more than 12 attacks since July.
Rates for some three-bedroom vacation homes start at just $99 per night, but sleep up to eight travelers, not just one or two, notes Alex Risser, president of the Vacation Rental Managers Association.
Dozens of people are feared to be trapped in the wreckage of the region's latest building disaster.
Capt.
Washington (CNN) -- The United States sanctioned two engineering firms Wednesday for their ties to an elite Iranian military unit that has been branded a terrorist organization by the U.S. government.
The Treasury Department also announced sanctions against two shipping companies based in Malta and two shipping officials connected to the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines.
Nestle also signaled it was moving closer to a possible sale of U.S.-listed eyecare products company Alcon as pressure grows to shed some of its non-food operations, which also include top world cosmetics company L'Oreal.
(CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo netted twice on his return from a ban as Real Madrid cut the gap on Spanish leaders Barcelona to two points with a 3-0 victory at bottom club Xerez on Saturday night.
As announced by the Communist Party's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, and reported by the state-run Xinhua news agency, the Chinese government has announced that officials will no longer be able to use public money to send mooncakes as gifts during the festival.
The new restriction is being presented as part of President Xi Jinping's campaign against corruption and official largesse.
Clinton's use of private email was never hidden from anyone, according to a former State Department official.
Experts have said it doesn't appear Clinton violated federal laws, but that hasn't stemmed the issue that has become more about bad optics and politics.
Jetstar Pacific is partly owned by Qantas Airlines of Australia.
At each village, some 40-50 youngsters await their chance to get homework help, learn to read or listen to any variety of tall tales, adventure stories and geography lessons Soriano has prepared.
Do you know a hero?
Nidal Malik Hasan, MD, a Muslim American military psychiatrist at Fort Hood who went on a rampage killing 13 U.S.
Iran is this week celebrating the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution, culminating on February 11 -- a day that marked the end of the country's Western-backed monarchy and the start of an Islamic republic.
Iran used to be a popular resort for his customers.
The foundation says the money will be used to enable international aid organizations and national governments "to purchase badly needed supplies and scale up emergency operations in affected countries."
At its highest point, the roller coaster is 153 feet and has a drop of 147 feet, according to the theme park.
"It's really shocking that it's 2013 and there are still 'firsts' for women," Alsop says.
(CNN) -- Switzerland have been knocked out of the Davis Cup by the U.S. after Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka lost their doubles match against Mike Bryan and Mardy Fish in Fribourg on Saturday.
Defending champions Spain have also reached the last eight for the sixth successive year after securing an unbeatable 3-0 lead over Kazakhstan in Oviedo.
Obama did indeed mention past U.S.
(CNN) -- A jury Friday acquitted W.R.
Adu, who moved to the U.S. as a child and has American citizenship, already has three seasons under his belt in the MLS, having made his professional debut at 14.
"Tough and unpredictable" and "admittedly difficult" were two phrases used by Rep Steve Israel, D-New York, the chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, House Democrats' campaign arm used to describe the landscape to reporters on Capitol Hill on Wednesday.
A.J.
China's foreign ministry spokeswoman on Tuesday accused a Japanese diplomat of being "ignorant, unreasonable and arrogant" after the two countries upped the stakes in their propaganda war by likening each other to the fictional evil wizard.
Francis Collomp was working in the state of Katsina when he was kidnapped in December by a jihadist group calling itself Ansar al-Muslimeen.
Virginia's Eric Cantor is expected to become the next majority leader, the second-ranking position in House leadership, replacing Democrat Steny Hoyer.
(CNN) -- The Zumba instructor in Maine who ran a prostitution ring out of her fitness studio Saturday was released from jail early for good behavior and participating in a work program, according to a York County Jail spokesman.
Marine Cpl.
Consumer Reports noted that a car with a cheaper sticker price can often cost consumers more in the long run when compared to a higher-priced alternative.
The recent news that a group of highly respected medical experts, the U.S.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sen.
While the company has expanded far beyond its Windows roots, Windows and Office remain the engine driving the vast majority of the company's profits even as it looks to cell phones, search, and online services to augment its mainstay businesses.
According to Timberlake's publicist, there are currently no plans for a new album, though JT is working with Timbaland on tracks for "Shock Value 3" (he appeared on each of the first two installments of the series).
Piotr Stancza was kidnapped September 28 from the city of Attock in Punjab province.
CNN iReport: Displaced victims of fighting in Duekoue, Ivory Coast U.S.
The dead include 8,607 children, according to the the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Pederson said the ship was carrying fuel destined for Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and has 21 crew members aboard.
Queen Elizabeth National Park nurtures healthy populations of elephant, lion, hippo and other large mammals, and is a major stop on the migratory bird route up the Great Rift Valley.
Dr.
The executions took place at Tehran's Evin Prison at dawn Tuesday.
"If you paint three stories of spindles, you never forget it," Victoria Barnes said of the painstaking restoration she and her husband undertook in their 1890 Victorian home near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The Las Vegas Sands Corp. announced Friday its planned, multibillion dollar casino and hotel complex that Spaniards called "EuroVegas" has been canceled.
Iran already faces U.N.
While graying populations affect Europe as a whole, Germany has one of the highest percentages of residents aged 65 or older in the world.
On the mend, Cannon even did an impromptu performance: beatboxing for his son.
He won three best actor Emmy Awards for the role of undercover CIA Agent Alexander Scott.
Local police in France were unavailable for comment when contacted by CNN.
Peanuts are the most common food trigger of life-threatening anaphylactic shock, accounting for more than half of all fatal food-induced allergic reactions.
As delegates ended the three-day Rio+20 summit with a 53-page statement called "The Future We Want," activists slammed the U.N. conference on sustainable development as a "failure of epic proportions."
According to the company, the apps are malware aimed at getting root access to the user's device, gathering a wide range of available data, and downloading more code to it without the user's knowledge.
The apps are particularly insidious because they look just like knockoff versions of already popular apps.
John F.
Seacrest joins a growing list of celebs "swatted" in recent months, including Rihanna, Justin Timberlake, Miley Cyrus, Chris Brown, the Kardashians, Tom Cruise, Ashton Kutcher and Justin Bieber.
Police said Muslims were enraged over an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran at a Christian wedding last Saturday, and held a rally to protest.
TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- A U.S.
Staff.
The Marine Corps withdrew several other charges, including rape of a child, kidnapping and making a false official statement, Wilson said.
(CNN) -- Texas Rep.
The payroll tax cut is worth roughly $1,000 a year -- or $40 a paycheck -- for an average family.
He is in Norway to perform Thursday night at the Hove Festival, according to his website.
He reportedly sent several students to the principal's office for violating the policy, including some who would go on to form an up-and-coming band with a tongue-in-cheek variation on his name.
Head to Wakefield for heady African and Caribbean flavors and Woodlawn for hearty Irish fare.
France's role in the deportation of its Jews was a taboo subject for decades after the war.
Rep.
The victim and her husband were on a cycling tour across India and had set up camp near a forest in Datia district when a group of men assaulted them, beating the husband and raping the wife, according to police.
• More than 40 percent of respondents said their security situation worsened last year.
Abdullah is a former Foreign Minister who is seeking to unseat incumbent President Hamid Karzai in the August 20 election.
Dr.
Abortion was legal under common law in the United States leading up to the 19th century, says Leslie Reagan, professor of history and law at the University of Illinois and author of "When Abortion was a Crime."
In comparison, Paul McCartney was ordered to pay Heather Mills almost $50 million three years ago.
Conservative blogger Michelle Malkin was one of many who criticized the eyebrow-raising list using the hashtag #UCCSTips.
NYPD Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told CNN Thursday that he plans to strategically deploy thousands of resources, including 35 mounted horses, explosives-sniffing dogs, and uniformed as well as plainclothes officers on Saturday.
These checkpoints will be erected at each of the 16 entrances to Times Square and will include metal and radiation detectors as well as bag searches.
(Financial Times) -- Nasdaq OMX's chief executive admitted he was "embarrassed" by the delay in the opening trade of Facebook's initial public offering and revealed that the exchange was in talks with regulators over potentially millions of dollars of customer claims.
Bob Greifeld said on Sunday that the 20-minute delay in trading of Facebook's $16bn offering on Friday had been caused by a millisecond systems blip due to the largest IPO auction "in the history of mankind".
Do you know a hero?
AC Milan moved six points clear at the top with a 3-0 victory at home to 17th-placed Sampdoria later in the evening.
(CNN) -- Russia said it does not plan to use the International Space Station beyond 2020, casting a shadow on U.S. plans to continue cooperation with the country and extend the life of the orbiting laboratory until at least 2024.
Think we've missed one?
London, England -- The CNN World Sport team have had their vote -- now it is time to have yours; as the decade draws to a close, which sport people would you place in a top 10 of achievers from the last 10 years?
About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers have moved into the epicenter of Taliban activity in the region to counter their activities, officials said.
Lohan's driver's license will be revoked and her car must have an interlock device -- which tests breath alcohol levels before a car can be started -- installed for a year under the plea agreement, Leonard said.
His son, Bashar, enjoyed rare privileges and education as he studied abroad, while his older son, Bassel, was the man groomed to succeed him and assume power.
Qantas now has six A380s in its fleet of 191 planes.
"Code Word: Geronimo" is the work of Capt.
Hillary Clinton says N.
Afghan and foreign forces have arrested many would-be suicide bomber children.
Turkish critics regularly accuse Erdogan of authoritarian tendencies, citing the arrests of scores of journalists and hundreds of political rivals in recent years.
Like many presidents before him, Obama is thrust into the position of "mourner-in-chief" in the face of a national tragedy.
Kerry was to travel from Vienna -- where he was negotiating a deal with Iran and world powers over Iran's nuclear program -- to Egypt and Qatar in the coming days to lay the groundwork for a possible cease-fire between the two sides.
The Pentagon took steps early last year to open up combat roles to the roughly 200,000 women in the U.S. armed forces.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A nearly 9-hour flight delay turned into a standoff at Hong Kong airport Wednesday, with passengers refusing to leave the plane for 5-hours until the airline agreed to higher compensation.
(CNN) -- When Texas state Sen.
Katherine Jackson and grandchildren Prince, Paris and Blanket would have to personally pay the money, because California law prohibits her lawyers, who footed much of her legal costs in the lawsuit, from paying it.
The Jacksons will not have to pay the $800,000 until their appeal is concluded and only if they lose.
During the meeting, Asiri explained to Mohammed that other Saudi militants in Yemen also wished to surrender but sought reassurances from the prince.
(CNN) -- Raspberry Pi, the tiny, ultra-cheap, Linux-based PC, went on sale Monday in the U.S. through retailer Allied Electronics, but it's already out of stock.
Despite this bleak outlook, Dr.
Washington (CNN) -- Julia Pierson became the first female director of the U.S.
(Financial Times) -- Eurozone finance ministers last night postponed agreement on Greece's long-delayed €31.3bn aid payment for yet another week as divisions between the International Monetary Fund and EU creditors over how fast Athens must reduce its burgeoning debt levels burst into the open.
In a rare breach, Mr Juncker told a post-meeting press conference the target would be moved to 2022, prompting Ms Lagarde to insist the IMF was sticking to the original timeline.
Johnson is the daughter of actors Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson and has appeared in the films "The Five-Year Engagement" and "21 Jump Street."
His attorney, Howard Greenberg, said he asked for protective custody for Aron "because there are a lot of sick and demented people."
Surrounded by oceans rich in marine life, New Zealand has one of the highest stranding rates for sea mammals in the world.
"Rand Paul's comments comparing President Obama's executive order on Immigration with President Roosevelt's executive order that imprisoned thousands of Americans of Japanese descent during World War II could not be more misguided," Rep.
Thursday night, Obama's challenge is to sell his road map.
Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro said he acknowledges the persecution of gays and lesbians during the Revolution in his country, according to a newspaper interview published Tuesday.
Known as "The Black Pearl" and simply "The King," Pele is one of the best known names in all of sports.
This year is already the deadliest for coalition and U.S. forces since the battle against the Taliban started some nine years ago.
The office of U.S.
She says she wasn't being dismissive of the women who've accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault when she came to the comedian's defense in an online interview.
(Rolling Stone) -- In the new issue of Rolling Stone, on stands in the digital archives this Friday, Phil Collins says he believes that he may have lived past lives -- and that he's contemplated suicide.
The reclusive singer -- who hasn't released an album of new material in nearly ten years -- took writer Erik Hedegaard into his surprisingly modest home in Switzerland and explained that most of his time is now spent working on his gigantic collection of artifacts from the Alamo and raising his two young sons from his last marriage.
• A neck injury has left him unable to hold drum sticks, sign his signature or even (at times) wipe himself in the bathroom.
The incident puts Boeing's marquee 787 Dreamliner fleet back in the headlines after it was grounded this year because of a fire risk associated with the planes' batteries.
The Professional Aviation Board of Certification estimates that 450,000 new pilots will need to be trained by 2020, with 184,000 in the Asia Pacific region alone.
When he entered his plea on May 18, Muse apologized for his actions and blamed the incident on the Somali government.
Muse could receive a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars.
The parents of Kendrick Johnson have been unwavering in their belief that their son was murdered, even after the Lowndes County Sheriff's Office ruled the death accidental and closed the case in May 2013.
Cooper said PB Capital will most likely sell the hotel privately after it takes over the title and will not try to operate the hotel itself.
In July, the number of people killed in the nation's violence was the highest since May 2008.
Frein may have been spotted within the past 24 hours in the rugged area where he has been sighted numerous times, Bivens told reporters.
Jeezy -- whose real name is Jay Wayne Jenkins -- was released on a $45,000 bond on Friday, hours after turning himself into the jail on a grand jury warrant, Fulton County, Georgia, sheriff's spokesman Tracy Flanagan said.
Better-educated and internet savvy, younger migrants like Zheng suffer more from this urban-rural divide than their elders.
Moscow (CNN)A Russian politician behind a controversial anti-gay propaganda law has been caught up in a social media storm in which he is pictured in a photograph of two women kissing.
Spotting him on their flight, the two lesbian activists kissed, took a selfie and uploaded it to Instagram.
Hook's new band The Light is playing two dates in the United States this week, performing the first two New Order albums, 1981's "Movement" and "Power, Corruption and Lies" from 1983 in their entirety.
A cause of death has not been released by the government.
The CRTC received more then 250 complaints about the CBSC's decision to remove the song, which is a long-established staple of rock radio stations.
Gen.
Editor's note: Dr.
Her signature track, "Tennessee Waltz," later became an official state song of Tennessee, and her popularity led to her own TV shows on CBS, NBC and ABC in the Fifties and film roles in the Sixties.
London (CNN) -- Until last year, James Murdoch was widely regarded as heir-apparent to his father Rupert's global News Corp.
Negotiations to resolve the diplomatic standoff are ongoing, said Iraq's Deputy Foreign Minister Labid Abawi.
Al Qaeda in Yemen has been a growing concern for the country's government and the United States.
(CNN)For five years, George Brainard was the official photographer for The Kontinentals, a car club based in Austin, Texas.
"All Tore Up: Texas Hot Rod Portraits" is Brainard's first photo book and will be released on March 1.
Sue Ellen Wortzel said her student's stories of struggle to find food, a safe place to live, a basic education other economic hardships in their home countries often left her speechless and explained why their families searched for a better life in the U.S.
Washington (CNN) -- Former Charlotte Mayor Patrick Cannon is expected to plead guilty on Tuesday in connection with his March arrest for allegedly soliciting bribes in exchange for promises to use his political influence to curry favors.
Yanukovych went on sick leave on Thursday with "acute respiratory disease," his office said.
The increased use of Abilify for maintenance therapy may be leading to higher treatment costs for consumers, Tsai says.
The money will go toward U.S. government programs or to give money to international programs focused on relief, recovery and reconstruction efforts in Pakistan.
(CNN) -- The search for a lion in Essex, near London, has been called off -- even as the big cat's fame grows on Twitter.
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said the National Park Service has "reached agreements with all the landowners needed" to establish the permanent memorial for the 40 people killed in the terrorist hijacking nearly eight years ago.
A Park Service official expects construction to begin in November.
A $45,000 reward -- $25,000 from the FBI and $20,000 from the Senath Marshal's office -- was offered for information leading to Breeann's recovery and the prosecution of those responsible.
O'Ryan was also ordered to have no contact with Johnson or her family and to stay 500 feet away from the gymnast and the CBS studio.
Galbraith reportedly angered Karzai by calling for a complete recount after widespread allegations of election fraud and was abruptly recalled as Eide's deputy on September 30.
The winners of the 2015 Newbery, Caldecott, Printz, Coretta Scott King and other prestigious youth media awards were announced Monday morning by the American Library Association.
The company has sold more than 275 million iPods, 100 million iPhones and 25 million iPads worldwide.
KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Sen.
Sen.-elect Cory Booker, the current Newark mayor, plans to recognize the marriages of several same-sex couples at 12:01 a.m.
To encourage them to support a council referral of atrocities to the court, a U.N.
Experts in Antwerp, Belgium who analyzed the 478-carat stone determined it to be of the highest color grading available for a white diamond, said a statement from Gem Diamonds Ltd., the company that found the stone.
The tiny West African nation last executed an inmate about 30 years ago.
Actress Ann B.
Callixte Mbarushimana was arrested in Paris in October under an ICC warrant involving allegations of mass rape and other crimes committed in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The 15,000-ton sunken vessel is the same ship that was hijacked by Somali pirates in 2008 when eight sailors were held captive for 37 days, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency.
The National Federation of the Blind can receive surcharges from sales of the coins to further its programs to promote Braille literacy, the U.S.
Mintage of the coin, which is 90 percent silver, will be limited to 400,000, the Mint said.
The Peacock is apparently in early discussions with Alec Baldwin to host a talk show that would possibly air at 1:35 a.m. â€” real estate that is currently occupied by "Last Call with Carson Daly" â€” according to The New York Times.
Last week, Nokia demoed a mindblowing prototype handheld device that lets you bend and twist the screen to complete actions like scrolling and zooming.
The United States has committed about $76 million for emergency flood relief assistance.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Dr.
A jury concluded after a two-month trial in 2011 that Murray's negligence led to Jackson's death from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol.
The New York City-initiated ban on trans fats has become far-reaching; at least eight other major metropolitan areas have legislated similar bans, as have restaurants, hotels, theme parks, cruise lines, and many other businesses.
(CNN) -- Pope Benedict XVI refused Wednesday to soften the Vatican's ban on condom use as he arrived in Africa for his first visit to the continent as pope.
Sub-Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region of the world, according to the United Nations and World Health Organization.
Once considered a possible presidential candidate, Petraeus plead guilty to one federal charge of removing and retaining classified information earlier this month as part of a plea deal approved by Attorney General Eric Holder.
(CNN) -- Italy's president has pardoned a U.S.
"In Michigan, we are doing everything we can to become the home of this new electric auto industry -- and to the jobs this industry will create," wrote Gov.
They will be honored at "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute," a globally broadcast event that airs live December 2 at 9 p.m.
City statutes forbid anyone jumping into or swimming in the San Antonio River.
"I know I am most productive when I don't have the Internet on.
Despite the assertion by some residents here that it doesn't matter who wins -- all of the candidates have been vetted by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and are likely to continue the anti-Western policies that have formed his world view since he came to power in 1989 -- a feeling of excitement has been notable here.
On Friday, U.N.
Details about how immigrants can apply for the program, which administration officials announced last month, have not been released.
(CNN) -- Today is the 45th anniversary of the assassination of Dr.
Before going to Memphis, King had the Rev.
Rep.
The former world No.
Because Afghanistan is landlocked, many supplies for NATO-led troops fighting Islamic militants have to be trucked in from Pakistan.
The brainchild of the group's Yasushi Akimoto, the bands have been a goldmine, grossing 16.28 billion yen ($212 million) in 2011 in CD and DVD sales alone, according to compiler Oricon.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Almost all British troops in Iraq are being pulled out because the agreement that allows them to be there expires on Friday, the British Ministry of Defence said Tuesday.
"I committed a crime and paid for it," he says.
This week U.S.
The United States has 450 land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles in its nuclear arsenal.
(WIRED) -- LinkedIn announced a new platform Wednesday for its business-focused social networking site -- offering websites and developers easy tools to embed "recommend" buttons, company-profile boxes and contact widgets on third-party websites -- as well as a way to log in to other sites using LinkedIn.
Calling it "a new platform for building the professional web," LinkedIn is seeking to challenge Facebook's growing control over online identity.
The alleged prostitutes, the youngest of whom are in their early 20s, had all signed in at Cartagena's Hotel El Caribe, where the Secret Service members apparently stayed, flashing their local ID cards.
The Army Rangers are an elite light infantry fighting force capable of deploying anywhere in the world within 18 hours.
New York (CNN) -- Firefighters continue to battle a series of brushfires raging on nearly 2,600 acres in the U.S.
(CNN) -- Over the past two years, 12 Americans have been charged with supporting militant groups fighting in Syria or have died while fighting with such groups.
Do you know a hero?
The runway, one of the shortest in the country, has been at the center of a fierce debate over air safety since an Airbus A320 carrying 187 people crashed in a botched landing attempt on July 17.
(CNN) -- UEFA have rejected Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp's call for artificial pitches to be banned after his side lost 3-2 to Young Boys in the Champions League playoffs.
Still, the alert should scare no one from going to Europe, said current and former U.S.
After he retired from wrestling, he became known for his Slim Jim commercials.
And what about that name?
The company has a troubled past both in Iraq and Afghanistan.
(CNN) -- On December 23, 1971, President Richard Nixon signed the National Cancer Act of 1971 into law.
While still relatively rare -- one advocate estimates that 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered -- the idea of changing gender identity has become more widespread in recent years.
Doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity, but no one has determined what in the biological makeup determines that gender.
(CNN) -- Sen.
The push for a rare posthumous pardon has been spearheaded for years by Sen.
The semifinal will be played on 23 and 24 April, with the return legs on 30 April and 1 May to decide who will meet in the Wembley final in London on May 25.
The Friendship Pages feature was cooked up by Facebook software engineer Wayne Kao and then brought to life in an internal hackathon event.
In keeping with budget cuts across the government, the $662 billion bill shrinks Pentagon spending by $43 billion from last year.
Duch pleaded guilty but said he was only following orders and asked for forgiveness.
